
Boy: We’re almost there. I need you to help me catch that little red fishie!

Main Character: Sure thing, but I can’t promise I’l succeed. Is that okay with you?

Girl: Lucas! You can’t cheat in a contest!

Boy: Oh no, she spotted us! Take this net and don’t say anything about me hiring you!

Main Character: Sigh… He ran away already…

Rafayel: Unfortunate. This species of fish can only survive for a week on land.

Main Character: (…A tourist?)

Rafayel: The fish is gonna slip away, you know.

Rafayel: Ta-da.

Rafayel: The owner probably just wanted to throw in some fish to fit the theme.

Rafayel: But this one, bright as a flame, is a real Flammula from Lemurian legends.

Main Character: Flammula? I’m not very familiar with those myths or folklore…

Main Character: Oh.

Main Character: Hat Island is closed off because there have been reports of Wanderers. You should stay away from that place for now.

Rafayel: That explains why I couldn’t get a boat ticket. It’s good that you were here to let me know. Otherwise, I really would’ve wasted my time.

Main Character: Wait.

Main Character: Here’s the fish you caught. I hope it’ll survive longer with you.

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: If you like the sea, you should go to Whitesand Bay. It’s the most beautiful beach in all of…

Main Character: (But he didn’t even let me finish…)

Main Character: Darn it!

The next morning, the Hunters Association arranges a meeting with Thomas.

He’s not only the owner of Flux Arts, but also Rafayel’s agent. Aside from running the gallery, he handles external affairs for this artist.

Since Rafayel refuses visitors, Thomas is the only ticket to meeting the man himself.

A white building stands tall in the city’s central business district. Flux Arts is on the highest floor.

Staff: I’m sorry, Thomas is dealing with an emergency right now. If you’re not in a hurry, he said you could walk around the exhibition as you wait.

Main Character: Thank you very much.

After giving me a guidebook, the staff member quickly leaves.

In this exhibition, the snow-white walls are bare. The overhead lights cast a soft light on them. The more I walk around, the more empty and lonely this place is.

Main Character: (There doesn’t seem to be any fluctuations.)

A spotlight illuminates a large oil painting taking up half a wall. As I get closer to it, I can see each delicately painted brush stroke—the different, colored layers representing the sea.

Main Character: This painting is…

Rafayel: The Day of Ebbing.

Main Character: !

A voice from who knows where echoes throughout the large exhibition.

It sounds familar. I look around, but the hall is empty.

Rafayel: Every year, there’s a day when the tides go out against the ocean currents. And using the night’s countercurrent, the creatures from the deap sea are washed ashore.

Rafayel: Once the tides recede at dawn, they return home.

Rafayel: As a result, everything they’ve met that night turns into distant memories of the surface world.

Rafayel: Some deep sea creatures are obsessed with the world outside the ocean, desiring its warmth. They stubbornly wait for the sunrise brfore reutrning. All just for a sun they’ve never, even seen before…

Main Character: Who are you?

The “person” stops talking. Seconds turn into minutes before he responds in a languid tone.

Rafayel: Hey, I’m Rafayel

Rafayel: This is my art exhibition.

Main Character: Are you a voice assistant? You always answer my questions.

Rafayel: Really, voice assistant? You know, your naming skills are kinda worrying. Just saying.

Rafayel: I'm the embodiment of his inspiration and thoughts. More or less.

His voice is cold yet laced with a hint of nonchalance.

Main Character: (Ah, it's an AI…)

Main Character: Will you answer any questions I ask about the paintings?

Rafayel: Yeah, sure. If I know the answer that is.

Main Character: Well, I'd appreciate it if you could show me around.

After turning a few corners, I find myself in a separate exhibition room. But there isn't anything on the wall.

According to the guidebook, the painting that's supposed to be here is the one that Raymond purchased.

Rafayel: The painting can't be properly displayed at the moment, so we're just going to use some fancy hologram tech.

A beam of light shines from above onto the wall. Colors chaotically mix together on this makeshift "canvas."

Waves with white sea foam appear, the azure ocean rippling out and revealing a gradient of colors from the water's surface to its depths.

It feels similar to the painting I saw in Raymond's mansion, but not quite.

Main Character: So, what's the story behind this painting?

Rafayel: A dream.

His voice is suddenly softer, carrying an indescribable sadness.

Rafayel: When I was a kid, I had dreamed I turned into a fish.

Rafayel: I swam and swam and swam from the deep sea, seeking a place beyond the water's surface. Only to end up in blood-red seawater.

The light shifts with his voice, casting a shimmering gleam. It's like looked at the glittering waves. The room seems to ebb and flow like the sea.

A pinkish hue gradually shifts into a dark crimson.

Main Character: Why did the sea turn red?

He doesn't answer my question. Maybe he didn't detect any important keywords, so he just kept talking.

Rafayel: It was the first time I ever saw such a color. Who knows how many years I've spent trying to recreate it. But I never really could get that same shade of red.

Rafayel: It was always a slightly different hue, you know…

For some reason, I can almost hear the faint melody from Raymond's mansion again…

??: Sorry, Miss [Name].

Main Character: !

The light in the hall returns to normal, and the hologram vanishes. As if waking from a dream, I turn around to see a man standing behind me. He must've approached me when I wasn't looking.

Thomas: I'm Rafayel's art gallery manager, Thomas.

Office

Thomas leans back in his uniquely designed chair, crossing his legs. His leather dress shoes shine. He motions for me to sit across from him.

I fill him in on what transpired at Raymond's mansion.

I even mention the Wanderer being possibly connected to the painting. Thomas's face turns pale, but he quickly regains his composure.

Thomas: …So you're suggesting Rafayel might have messed with his own painting?

Main Character: It doesn't matter if he's responsible or not. Since the Wanderer could've been in the art, his studio, Rafayel himself, and even your gallery might be in danger.

Main Character: Please tell me everything you know.

Thomas rubs his expensive cuff links, hesitating. It takes a while before he finally speaks.

Thomas: Mr. Raymond, a renowned art collector famous for his discerning taste, graced Flux Arts with his presence last month.

Thomas: Despite the gallery being filled with better paintings, he was utterly smitten with that one. He needed to buy it.

Thomas: Had to nag Rafayel before he finally agreed to sell it.

Thomas: During the process of arranging, displaying, and selling the painting, more than a dozen people have been in contact with it. No one mentioned anything about a Wanderer.

Main Character: But what if someone starts to hallucinate because of his art?

Thomas pauses for a moment, then bursts into a fit of laughter.

Thomas: What a nice compliment! Making people go crazy over artwork isn't something many artists can pull off these days.

Main Character: Are you saying he's trying to cause drama to increase the value of his work?

Thomas clears his throat and rubs his nose.

Thomas: I wish. If Rafayel cared about that stuff, my job would be a piece of cake. Wait until you meet him… You'll see what I mean.

Thomas: He did mention something a while back. Said he often heard strange noises in the studio late at night. I thought he was trying to trick me.

Thomas: Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays—he's sick. Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays—a Wanderer shows up…

Thomas: Could you do me a favor and check if there's actually a Wanderer at his studio? I'd love to see the tomfoolery he plans to do next.

A thread of light quivers in the air. The sudden Metaflux fluctuation draws me attention to a display case by the wall.

Main Character: What are those over there?

He looks over his shoulder.

Thomas: Oh, coral stones. Rafayel uses them for his paint. Are you interested in them?

Walking up to the display case, I see the stones are a vibrant red, almost like blood. I pick one up.

Main Character: (This is the source.)

Main Character: Can I take this with me when I see Rafayel?

Thomas: Sure.

Thomas walks over to the French window. Outside is beautiful scenery as far as the eye can see.

I look at where he's pointing. In the distance is a gorgeous ivory structure extending toward the sea.

Thomas: Visit the giant white building over there on Whitesand Bay. That's where he lives.

Thomas: His memory is nonexistent, so the door's open. You can just walk right in.

Thomas: Could you tell him to hurry up on that painting he's working on? I already sold it to someone!

Main Character: He's here, right?

Main Character: (I sense energy traces behind this door…)

??: Who is it? The studio is closed…

??: Wait, aren't you the hunter from before?! You…

Main Character: !!!

Rafayel: …Move!

Rafayel: Ugh! Ow, that really hurts…

Main Character: …

Rafayel: I didn't think you'd move that quick. I'm not sure if I should call you heartless or decisive.

Rafayel's Studio

Rafayel: I really can't tell if it's destiny or bad karma for us to meet again after two days.

Rafayel: Anyway, you're not here to check on the fish, are you?

Main Character: You know that I'm a hunter, right? I'm here to deal with the Wanderer problem.

Rafayel: Oh? I had no idea there was something so dangerous at the studio.

Rafayel: Ah, wait... Now I remember. I did hear some weird noises while I was painting earlier.

Rafayel: It was very annoying.

Rafayel: Thomas sent you, huh?

Main Character: Mmm.

A Wanderer chewing on his canvas...? Could be connected.

Main Character: So where are they?

Rafayel: I'm not an animal that can use my ears to locate some prey.

Rafayel: It's probably downstairs, upstairs, or somewhere else...

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: In any case, Wanderers are everywhere. Literally. I even heard there's one that's sorta like a lemon. Am I wrong?

He likes to talk a lot... Unlike the Rafayel in those magazine interviews...

Main Character: Is this what you use to make your paints?

Rafayel: ... Thomas let you have it?

Main Character: Other than rocks, do you use anything else that's weird?

Rafayel: Well... Nothing is weird if you can get color from it.

Main Character: Ahem...

Rafayel: ...Fine. Do mummy bandages count?

Rafayel: Different refinement processes don't necessarily produce the same tint of brown, though.

Main Character: That's not what I meant. What else is there?

Rafayel: You've asked me sooo many questions. Yet you're not here to solve my issues, are you?

Main Character: What are you...

Rafayel: I've only used this batch of coral stone pigment for one painting.

Main Character: ... So you knew about Raymond. His erratic behavior is related to you.

Rafayel: What sort of twisted logic is this? And why are you only thinking about everyone else? I'm a victim, too.

Rafayel: Also, that coral stone is mine. Give it to me, now...

Main Character: You're not going to tell me the truth, are you?

Main Character: If your art caused any more problems, it won't be just me next time.

Rafayel: Really, a hunter can only be patient for three minutes? I wasn't done talking.

Rafayel: Let me check first. I also would like to know if the problem here is the coral stone.

...It's hot!

!!!

Main Character: Illusions...

Rafayel: Well, that explains why I started hearing things right after getting a paper cut.

Fluctuations...

Main Character: Do you have a lot of valuables here?

Rafayel: Depends on who you ask--

Main Character: Answer me.

Rafayel: Not really.

Main Character: Then you should hide, now.

Main Character: Leave the Wanderer to me.

Rafayel: Excuse me? This is my house!

Rafayel: You should be the one hiding. Don't damage my treasures!

Main Character: (The Metaflux is stronger... Is it because of Rafayel's blood?)

Rafayel: Phew, looks like they're all A-OK. The Wanderer was nice enough not to harm them...

Main Character: I see this coral stone is imbued with some Metaflux. Where did you get it?

Rafayel: You can't just buy coral stones from the market. I might have bartered with the Sardinian locals. Or maybe...

Main Character: Your memory cannot be that bad...

Rafayel: Wanna check my collection log?

Main Character: You have a log?

Rafayel: There are millions of colors. Some people even create samples of their own paint.

Rafayel: ... If there's actually a problem with the source, how are you guys gonna deal with it?

Main Character: Investigate. Might have to close off the area.

[Check the log]

Rafayel: I won't just give it to you for free. Unless...

Rafayel: We get an alternative. Coral stones can be found near Linkon City. I was planning to have a look-see.

Rafayel: It's a shame I got injured today. I can't even lift a paintbrush. I'll be in trouble if I encounter any danger.

Main Character: ... All right. What do you want?

Rafayel: I saw how you fought - quick and precise. That final strike was unlike anything I've seen before. If you could be my bodyguard...

Main Character: ... All right. What do you want?

Rafayel: I saw how you fought - quick and precise. That final strike was unlike anything I've seen before. If you could be my bodyguard...

Main Character: ...What?

Rafayel: Protect me on our journey together. If we find an alternative, I'll happily give you what's in my hand riht now.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: Don't worry, I can wait. Consider this a private comission from yours truly.

Rafayel: The door's over there.

Main Character: (This mission is too important. So... I have no choice but to play along for now...)

Main Character: All right, I'll do it. But don't push your luck.

Rafayel: Great, I'll let you know the time and place.

Rafayel: My safety is in your hands.

Rafayel's front door is slightly open, similar to how it was during my last visit. A sliver of light peeks through the gap.

I gently push the door and watch my step. Sculptures, easels, and art supplies are everywhere. Rafayel is on the floor. He's not moving.

Main Character: ...Rafayel!

I quickly approach him and lean down, our faces a breath apart. Rafayel's expression is peaceful, as if he's lost in a dream.

I put my finger near his nose and feel his soft breath against my skin.

Main Character: ...He's still alive.

A breeze passes the white curtains by the window and litters the floor with sheets of drawing paper. I bend down to pick one up.

Some of the messy sketches depict splendid architecture, others surging waves. Some sketches are so abstract that I can't tell what they are.

They do share one thing in common, however. Written on the bottom right-hand corner is a tiny word: Lemuria.

Rafayel: ...

Still sleepy, he looks my way with a half-lidded gaze.

I step back and knock over a pot filled with brushes. Liquid spills, lush green trees, blue skies, and white clouds from outside reflected on its surface.

Rafayel: You're here?

After staring at me for a long time, Rafayel suddenly moves his head and holds out his hand.

Main Character: ...What are you doing?

Rafayel: Pull me up.

(Interaction)

Main Character: Can't you do it yourself?

Rafayel: Hurry. Help me get off the floor.

(Interaction)

Main Character: ...

The moment I take his hand, Rafayel yanks me down.

Main Character: You...!
Rafayel: You're really nice. You worry about my well-being and even accompany me to lunch.

Rafayel: Sooo, did you see anything suspicious?

(Interaction)

Main Character: ...Everyone was staring at the haphazardly parked sports car outside.

Rafayel: Isn't it awesome? My car installation art. It's one of a kind.

(Interaction)

Main Character: Now what? There's a crowd swarming your car. How can we leave?

Rafayel: Having a bunch of people is the best cover. If anything dangerous shows up, we ditch the car and sprint through the back door. It's like vanishing into thin air.

I take a deep breath to calm myself.

Main Character: You already knew the people in the N109 Zone were targeting you?

Rafayel: Yeeeah, it's a long story. But to make a long story short...

Rafayel: Someone in the N109 Zone wanted me to paint a painting, but I told them no.

Out of nowhere, Rafayel pulls out a carbon fiber pen, smooths out a napkin on the table, and starts doodling.

Main Character: ...They want to kill you over a painting? Is your art really that special?

Rafayel: Well, yeah. They discovered the secret message in my painting, which would lead them to their heart's desire.

I haven't seen many of Rafayel's paintings, but the one at Raymond's house left a lasting impression on me. I recall my memories of that time and realize an important clue.

Main Character: ...Is what they're after related to the illusion in your painting?

His pen stops moving, and it creates a large blot of ink on the napkin.

Rafayel: An illusion? What did you see?

(Interaction)

Main Character: I saw a young girl on the beach. She was singing a song I didn't understand... It sounded sad.

Main Character: Is the painting special because you used the coral stone from that day?

Rafayel: Yup. I heard it's kinda rare. It was found near the bottom of the ocean, in a place called Lemuria.

Rafayel: That location is brimming with rare treasures. Even a tiny bit of coral can make you feel like you're in a world of dreams.

Rafayel: If you grind the coral stone into pigment, you can immerse the viewer in a pretty dream created by the artist.

He speaks of this crazy story, but his voice doesn't waver. He seems to be telling the truth. I have no choice but to hide my skepticism.

Rafayel twirls his pen between his fingers, then looks into my eyes.

Rafayel: Anywaaay... Guess you're not here because you're concerned about my safety, yeah?

(Interaction)

Main Character: Rafayel, you have a bounty on your head from the N109 Zone. That means you've heard about it before.

Main Character: I need to go there and find something... It's really important.

Main Character: Aside from barging in, I don't know how to enter that place...

My hint is as clear as day. But after giving it some thought, Rafayel shakes his head. His expression is one of nonchalance.

Rafayel: Linkon has become even more dangerous, and you're talking about entering a labyrinth.

Rafayel: Forget about it. A hunter like you just going in there is like a lamb walking into a tiger's den.

His words leave me disheartened, but he isn't wrong.

Main Character: ...Since you're safe and sound, I'll get going.

Just as I'm about to get up from my chair, Rafayel grabs my hand.

Rafayel: Wait.

(Interaction)

Main Character: Huh?

Rafayel: Someone's following us.

Rafayel loosens his grip. He speaks as he sets down his pen and pushes a napkin toward me.

With a few strokes, he sketches a layout of the restaurant on it. A man wearing a black jacket sits behind us to the right. He's slouching, perfectly hidden behind a potted plant.

Main Character: ...He's already here?

Rafayel: Not sure.

Rafayel: But since he's acting all shady... He's definitely not one of my fans.

I raise my arm and activate the watch on my wrist. A palm-sized, holographic map appears before Rafayel and me.

Main Character: We'll sneak out from the back, run through the mall, and exit on the north side. Then we'll circle around until we reach an alley behind the flower shop.

Rafayel: ...You know, you're a really good hunter.

(Interaction)

Main Character: When you see the big picture, you need to use some bait.

I look up, noting the passing crowd reflected in the window. A group of high school students who just got off school trickle through the door.

Main Character: It's time.

??: Damn it, how did he manage to slip away again...

Main Character: Hey.

??: Who are you?!

??: Ahhh!

Main Character: Lacks a weapon and any sort of defensive gear. Aside from pretending to act tough, he's not trained.

Main Character: If he's a professional hitman, he's really, really pathetic...

Rafayel: It could all be an act, you know. Knocking him down in one fell swoop... Wanna do an encore?

A middle-aged man wearing a mask is huddled in the corner, his body shaking as he hears those words. He's the epitome of anxiety.

??: I... I'm not a murderer! I'm just a guy trying to get a scoop!

As the man struggles, a piece of paper slips out from his chest pocket.

Rafayel picks it up, blows off the dirt, and holds it toward the sunlight.

Rafayel: A reporter from Weekly Arts... Joe.

(Interaction)

Main Character: You know them?

Rafayel: A second-rate art magazine. They scrape by on tidbits they pry from socialites and artists.

He notices something. His gaze moves down as he takes a weird-looking button from the man's shirt.

Rafayel: This hidden camera... wasn't cheap, right?

A tiny flame bursts from Rafayel's finger. It turns the "button" into ash.

Rafayel: Is there anything newsworthy about me to grace your journalism?

Joe: L-listen to me. Whatever you do, please don't hurt me. I-it's because of that collector! Raymond!

Joe: He's... dead.

The air is still for a moment. Shocked, Rafayel and I exchange a glance.

Maybe it's because we're entering his field of expertise that Joe straightens his posture. He wipes the dirt from his face. A spark of excitement is in his eyes, the thrill of discovering gossip.

Joe: He died last night!

Joe: Drowned in his bathtub. No one knew until the next day. When the butler found him, it was already too late.

Main Character: (Was Raymond attacked by Wanderers? No... They should be long gone by now.)

Joe: The police already searched his home and looked through the surveillance tapes. They found nothing, not even another person walking into his room. But—

Main Character: Cut to the chase.

Joe: The picture painted by Rafayel had vanished from his collection room.

Joe: I've heard the rumors. Some say that before he died, he made a bunch of cuts into his arms and legs. His skin looked like a bunch of fish scales. It's awful, if I do say so myself.

Joe: And the moment a rich guy is dead, the police are quick to cover it up. They're scared a secret will be revealed, one that'll cost them their jobs... But there's no such thing as a secret that can't be hidden.

Joe: Mr. Rafayel, are you sure you didn't have a hand in his death? Can your paintings actually manipulate people?

Rafayel: Even if they did, I wouldn't tell you. Also, you said he died last night. I was in my studio during that time and didn't go anywhere. Any. Where. But I do agree it's a tragedy.

Rafayel: Ooor are you saying... you wanna ask Raymond himself?

Joe: N-no, n-not at all! I don't... I told you everything I know. Can you please let me go this time?

Rafayel: Sure, sure. I'll even throw in something extra for you.

Rafayel: Tomorrow I'll be instructing my agent to lodge a complaint about your deplorable stalking behavior to your superiors and cancel our exclusive column interview. I reckon you'll be jobless soon.

Rafayel speaks in a relaxed manner. He leans in, a radiant smile plastered on his face.

Rafayel: Sooo, why don'tcha do me a favor and investigate who's trying to hide all that info you just talked about?

A swarm of white moths dances around the street light under the gray sky, waiting for nightfall.

We climb the stone steps to a garden in the sky. Below us is Linkon's livelies district. A field of grass stretches out before us. It's flanked by trees from both sides, a vibrant sight to behold.

Across the street is a floating, holographic ad. Flying above the cityscape, it promotes Rafayel's art exhibition for next month.

A slate blue sea engulfs the city like a mist, cascading onto the towering skyscrapers. From buildings to traffic, all is submerged in the tide.

While it's obviously a trick of the light, curious people can't help but stop and reach out to touch the swimming fish that pass them.

Rafayel: You know what sells the most? Paintings of a calm sea. They can get preeetty expensive.

Rafayel: The more violent and chaotic the ocean, the less people are interested in it.

(Interaction)

Main Character: Humans can't sense disasters like animals do. So we subconsciously distance ourselves from things like bad weather.

Main Character: From your last art exhibition, "you" told me the painting was from one of your dreams.

I stare at the virtual sea of fish swimming, merging into the night sky. It's unsettling yet alluring as the line between dreams and reality is blurred.

Main Character: Is this another one of your dreams?

Rafayel: Yuuup, you got that right.

Rafayel: I daydream in my studio all the time. It's kinda hard to remember what the real world's like.

Rafayel: Thanks for bringing me out of my dreams today.

(Interaction)

Main Character: ...You're welcome.

A long time passes before he turns around. Many pedestrians are still looking at the sky, mesmerized by the holographic sea.

Main Character: Do you have any plans?

Rafayel: I'm going home.

Rafayel: The art exhibition needs to be held. Once a painting is sold, another should take its place.

(Interaction)

Main Character: Be careful out there. If you find any secrets or hear anything about the N109 Zone, let me know.

Brushing off the grass clinging to my clothes, I stand up and say goodbye.

Rafayel: ...But I still don't have the paint needed to finish the piece I'm working on.

Rafayel sits up, his eyes sparkling as he looks at me. I have a bad feeling about this.

Rafayel: Don't you remember our deal?

(Interaction)

Main Character: ...What?

Rafayel: I saw how you fought—quick and precise. That final strike was unlike anything I've seen before. If you could be my bodyguard...

Rafayel: Protect me on our journey together. If we find an alternative, I'll happily give you what's in my hand right now.

Main Character: Uh...

Rafayel: That look... You forgot, huh?

Rafayel: Don't worry, I wrote down everything. We'll be fiiine. Probably.

(Interaction)

Main Character: I've got stuff to deal with in the next couple of days. But I promise to get to it.

I say a half-hearted promise. And I'm ready to run when I hear a soft sigh from him.

Rafayel: I have an idea on how we can sneak into the N109 Zone.

(Interaction)

Main Character: You do?

He has my attention. I move closer to listen. Rafayel quickly averts his eyes, clearly caught off guard.

Rafayel: You said it yourself. "When you see the big picture, you need to use some bait."

Rafayel: Why not come up with the master plan? Become the best bait for Onychinus.

(Interaction)

Main Character: So I should use myself to lure them out?

He nods and continues to speculate.

Rafayel: To be their target, you must have something they want. Like info or something. You can decide whether to take the risk or not.

Rafayel: Maybe a small opening is all it will take to get them to expose themselves.

Every word that Rafayel says isn't wrong. I bite my lip.

Main Character: Even so, we need to find the perfect fishing spot to make sure our big fish bites the hook.

Rafayel: I can lead you there.

Rafayel: Trade intel for intel, gamble to make gambles with higher stakes. But whether or not you can play the game is up to you.

He once again stares at the sea of car lights under the overpass. Like the receding tide, the holograms fade and reveal the street.

Main Character: ...I need to think about it.

Rafayel: It's just a suggestion. The choice is yours.

Rafayel: If you wanna do it, meet me tomorrow by the docks at Whitesand Bay.

After a night's worth of hesitation, I arrive at Whitesand Bay the next morning.

By the docks is a familiar figure, the manager I met at Flux Arts the other day.

Thomas: Ah, good to see you again, Miss Hunter.

Main Character: Hello, Mr. Thomas.

Thomas: No reason to be so formal. Call me Thomas. Rafayel does it.

Rafayel: I knew you'd show up.

Rafayel walks over, arms folded, and plants himself between me and Thomas.

Main Character: Don't forget your promise.

Rafayel: I'm not the kind of person to just forget.

Thomas: You two get along well. I'm glad Rafayel has a reliable friend such as yourself.

Rafayel: ...Stop treating her like she's my babysitter!

(Interaction)

Main Character: I'll protect him... At least, for today. But what are we supposed to do now?

Both turn in the direction that I'm pointing in.

A single wooden boat floats gently to the rhythm of tranquil waves. A few seagulls are perched on the bow, preening their feathers.

Main Character: ...Are we smuggling ourselves in?

Thomas: Hold on. Didn't you ask me for a boat so you could go on a date?

Rafayel and the Main Character head toward Hat Island via a boat, though they encounter a mishap along the way.

Rafayel: I'd say the wait was worth it. With winds at about 10 miles per hour, and no big waves, it's a good day to set sail.

Main Character: Since heading out to sea is a daunting task, shouldn't we...

Main Character: Use something a little more advanced? Like a speedboat?

Rafayel: We're always cooped up in the house painting stuff. Let's take the chance to exercise.

Main Character: We're in the same boat now. It's time to tell me what's next.

Rafayel: Don't overthink it. You're just gonna do what you normally do—fight.

Rafayel: That's Hat Island. It's having unusual energy fluctuations, and a weird Wanderer appeared.

Main Character: You're interested in Wanderers?

Rafayel: Their Protocores contain an extremely rare material. I need to get my hands on it...

Rafayel: I'll use it to make paint and create some art. As one does.

Main Character: Really? Protocores can be used for painting? I'm not a three-year-old.

Rafayel snickers.

Rafayel: Weeeird. The island is literally right there. But we've been rowing for thirty minutes, and still no signs of land.

Rafayel: Are you rowing around in circles?

Main Character: I'm definitely trying to move this boat along, but you keep rowing us back. That explains why we've been going in circles.

Rafayel: This oar is just being mean!

Rafayel: I'm getting tired of this. Can we ditch the boat and swim instead?

Main Character: Oh no, Rafayel, the waves! They're heading straight for us!

Rafayel: Was the weather forecast just slacking off today? Left, left! Hurry!

Main Character: Water is filling the boat. You jinxed us! I guess we really do have to swim to Hat Island.

Rafayel: S-Steady now. Don't just flail the oar around. I feel like I'm gonna puke.

Rafayel and the Main Character manages to reach Hat Island after the water caused their boat to sink.

Rafayel: I think I hired an assassin instead of a bodyguard... The world is spinning like...

Main Character: Stop mumbling to yourself. If it weren't for me, we'd still be in the ocean right now.

Rafayel: I'd rather float in the sea than be on land...

Main Character: Everything looks okay. I don't see any Wanderers around.

Rafayel: Your skills will be useful. Let's go. This island isn't small and we have a full day ahead of us.

Main Character: You're fine now? Why are you in a hurry?

Rafayel: The mountain. We'll start there.

Rafayel and the Main Character walk along the shores of the island as she tries to check any signs of Wanderers. He guides her into resonating with the coral stone which resulted in the appearance of a Protofield.

Main Character: I don't see any signs of life... I remember visiting this place as a kid while on a field trip.

Rafayel: A field trip? What's that?

Main Character: You've never been on one before?

Main Character: Children line up with their bags filled with all sorts of snacks. And of course we wrote a travel log, and...

Rafayel: Wow, you were all brave kids to visit places like these. I'm impressed...

Main Character: ...More than a decade has a passed. Change is inevitable.

Main Character: The resonance is weak, and the watch isn't detecting anything... It's possible Wanderers aren't involved.

Rafayel: Your little watch thing doesn't seem to work that well. Where's the coral stone?

Main Character: Huh?

Main Character: So.. what are you planning to use your blood again?

Rafayel: Or like you can use your, Evol.

Rafayel: The coral stone is from this water. If you notice something weird, it might be tainted with the same kind of Metaflux.

Rafayel: Use your Evol to resonate with it. Creating a similar signal might just be good enough to lure them out.

Rafayel: Try it?

Main Character: Sending out a signal... Got it.

Main Character: Hmm...

Main Character: The fluctuation is faint. I can barely sense it...

Rafayel: Wait wait wait... You could crack open nuts using that much strength. Please don't destroy my last sample.

Main Character: Then...?

Rafayel: You're not in an arm wrestling match. Let's do this together.

Rafayel: Close your eyes.

Rafayel: Focus all your senses on your hands.

Rafayel: Well? Can you feel a warm power surging within you?

Main Character: ...More than a decade has a passed. Change is inevitable.

Rafayel: Everything in this world has a unique, unmatchable frequency. That's why each life is isolated.

Rafayel: But your Evol allows you to change your frequency. You can resonate with others.

Rafayel: If you open your heart, you can establish a connection.

Rafayel: And share your power.

Main Character: ...Really?

Rafayel: If you believe.

Main Character: Uh... Ahem!

Rafayel: Sorry.

Main Character: Okay, I'll try it...

Rafayel: !

Rafayel: Is it... over?

Main Character: ...I guess, yes?

Rafayel: Well, that was quite a spectacle.

Main Character: It was your idea. If we don't catch any fish, is the bait at fault?

Rafayel: All right, I guess I was wrong. Tapping into the depths of someone's Evol isn't easy.

Rafayel: Something reacted.

Main Character: I did a pretty good job, huh. Don't you think?

Rafayel: You're even better than I expected!

Rafayel hands over the Protocore to the Main Character when they come across a cat.

Rafayel: The road ahead will be difficult... Take this. And keep working hard.

(Action — Take the Protocore.)

Main Character: I didn't think resonating with the coral stone would attract Wanderers...

Rafayel: If we can't find what I'm looking for, consider it a practice. Anyway, let's set up camp here for tonight.

Main Character: They came back!

Rafayel: Oh no no no no.

Main Character: Is it a Wanderer?

Rafayel: Even worse! A monster!

Main Character: Awww, it's a kitten. It's so cute!

The Main Character cradles the cat as she talk with Rafayel, though it runs off and they follow.

Main Character: Now you're safe... You're not here for the coral stone, are you?

Main Character: Why are you over there? It won't eat you.

Rafayel: Stay back! Cats are malicious species who deceive everyone with their harmless appearances and play with their prey at whim.

Rafayel: I don't like them.

Main Character: Rather than dislike them, I'd say you're more afraid of them. Isn't that right, Rafayel?

Rafayel: Nope! I just don't care. I don't care about cats. At. All...

Main Character: It's hurt. Look, something's off about its injury!

Rafayel: Stay back! You're not allowed near me after touching that! You have to choose! Me or the cat?

Rafayel: It understood what I said?

Main Character: Its wound doesn't look normal. Maybe Wanderers are involved... We should check it out.

Rafayel: ...You know, you don't have to be that observant!

They manage to chase the cat but as the Main Character try to reach for it, Rafayel blocks her hand and he gets scratched instead. Not long after, the waves became chaotic and a Deluge Wyrmlord appears from the waters. Rafayel blocks the surging waves with his Fire Evol.

Rafayel: We're not gonna disturb the cat's home, right? Riiight? ...That little monster is obviously trying to get some affection. Don't waste your time.

Main Character: Look!

Rafayel: ...A Wanderer attacked it.

Main Character: What happened?

Rafayel: Don't touch it—Ow...!

Main Character: Your hand!

Main Character: Something is coming from the deep!

Main Character: It's a Deluge Wyrmlord!

Main Character: (His flames... can split the water?)

Rafayel: Guess you like my blood a lot more, huh?

Rafayel: Sorry to break it to you, but my fire can never be extinguished.

he Main Character tries to reach out towards Rafayel but the waves claim her.

Main Character: How do we end up in the ocean?

Main Character: Rafayel!

The Main Character attempts to swim towards Rafayel but she faints as she loses her breath underwater.

Main Character: ...Cough. Cough cough!

Main Character: (...I need to get up to the surface!)

Main Character: (Where's Rafayel...?)

Main Character: (There he is...)

Rafayel: Stay back. Otherwise... I can't guarantee your safety.

Main Character: (?!)

Main Character: (What about you? What are you doing...?!)

Rafayel: Not your concern.

Main Character: (Rafayel...)

FLASHBACK

Rafayel: It's settled, then. If you don't return, I'll...

Rafayel: I'll chase you to the ends of the Earth.

Rafayel decides to continue towards the Protofield but the bond compels him back to the Main Character. He transforms in his Lemurian form, swimming back to the surface with the Main Character in his arms.

Main Character: (Don't go...)

Rafayel: You forgot everything. Yet, you still insist...

Rafayel: All right... This is your choice.

The Main Character wakes up and they talk about the cat and their deal before rescuers found them.

Southeastern region of Linkon City, Hat Island

Main Character: Rafayel...?

Rafayel: You're awake?

Main Character: Are you all right? In the ocean, I thought you...

Rafayel: The line between being kind and being dumb is very thin. A small, smart fish swims away while it still can when the big fish are hunting.

Main Character: You're the idiot. The whirlpool was obviously a death trap, but you just swam right into it...

Rafayel: Hmm...

(Action — Take the jacket.)

Main Character: Anyway, thanks... You were the one who pulled me out of the water, right? Thought I heard your voice before I blacked out...

Rafayel: That's just my random act of kindness for the day.

Rafayel: Sooo, how long do you think this malicious creature will keep an eye on us...

Main Character: It's the kitten from before! Now that the Wanderer's gone, it should be safe.

Main Character: It'll be cold tonight. It wants a warm place to sleep.

(Direction: Pick up)

Main Character: What a cutie pie.

Rafayel: It's moving. Get it away from me!

Main Character: Well, duh. A cat isn't a log. Come on, pet it. It won't bite!

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: You...

Rafayel: Your flattery means nothing to me. I don't accept you.

Rafayel: If you need to thank someone, thank the silly girl. She's the reason you're even getting a crumb of my attention.

Rafayel: It... It licked me... Nooo...!

Rafayel: I... A monster touched me... My hand... It's over. I can't hold a paintbrush now. Not like this...

Main Character: Rafayel, is there a reason why you don't like cats?

Rafayel: Why should I? I dislike them because I do.

Rafayel: For humans, it's game over as soon as a cat nuzzles them.

Main Character: Rafayel, that means it trusts you and feels grateful.

Rafayel: Well, animals that are fond of humans usually have a tragic end.

Rafayel: One moment you're cute and cuddly, the next they toss you aside. You're forgotten, left behind.

Main Character: Look. It's saying, "Not all humans are like that."

Rafayel: And you? Wasn't there something important you forgot about?

Main Character: Are you talking about the coral stones?

Rafayel: You're really good at remembering trivial things...

Rafayel: We'll have more opportunities to get as many of those as we want. Today, we got lucky.

Main Character: Isn't that the Protocore from the Deluge Wyrmlord? I didn't think you'd be able to find it.

Rafayel: I see that twinkle in your eyes, you know. But this Protocore is mine.

Rafayel: Here's payment for your services.

(Action — Take the invitation.)

Main Character: You actually remembered.

Main Character: The Nest...

(Action — Open the invitation.)

Main Character: Is this the place we can gather intel from?

Rafayel: Don't believe me? Well, real intel is always hidden in the most inconspicuous places. The crazier it seems, the more likely it's true.

Main Character: You must be a regular there. What did you need back in the day? Mummy bandages?

Rafayel: Little bit of work, you can get nice, poisonous sap.

Rafayel: But for a hunter such as yourself, you're better off wearing a disguise before going in.

Main Character: Like what?

Rafayel: Like at least stop flashing your Hunter's Watch around. Also, it wouldn't hurt to pick up some of the local lingo.

Main Character: I'll proceed with caution.

Rafayel: It's okay, I'm a generous employer.

Rafayel: Since I hired you as my bodyguard, I'll cover for you when it matters. But I must warn you...

Rafayel: In places like The Nest, you have to pay a very high price for obscure information. Especially for stuff involving—

Rafayel: Mysterious Protocores.

Main Character: ...!

Rafayel: Ah, we're saved. Let's call it a day, yeah?

Rafayel: I hope you can find the right path, Miss Bodyguard.

Perhaps they don't want anyone else to get their hands on it, as they try to obtain one for themselves.

Or there are Aether Cores already in their possession.



That's why they're selling a high-grade Protocore at the auction. It will go to the highest bidder.

Laws don't exist in the N109 Zone, but knowing the right people can come in handy. If your reputation is good enough, even the ones who want to mess with you will think twice.



Main Character: I've confirmed the location of the Aether Core, and I have a fake identity that can keep me alive.

Main Character: Now I need to figure out how to get into the N109 Zone.

Why not come up with the master plan? Become the best bait for Onychinus.

Maybe a small opening is all it'll take to get them to expose themselves.



Resolved, I pick up my phone and dial Rafayel's number.

Rafayel: Hello...

Main Character: Are you free right now?

Rafayel: Why?

Main Character: Meet me at The Nest. Show me how to fish.

Rafayel: Huh?

The Main Character arrives at The Nest and meets up with Rafayel.

Main Character: (Weren't we supposed to meet up at eleven? Where's Rafayel...?)

Main Character: (It's Hunting Day... There are more people here than last night. Hopefully, everything will go according to plan.)

Protocore Trader: Ultra-dangerous Protocores! Nothing illegal, and lots more in stock. Are you interested, Miss?

Protocore Trader: Haven't seen you before. I'll give you a discount. One Narcissus, and you've got yourself a deal.

Main Character: Where did you get them? Why don't we start with—

Rafayel: Don'tcha think it's a little weird to do business with newcomers?

Main Character: If I'm the newcomer, then you must be the veteran?

Rafayel: You're today's shining star. The little secrets I carry aren't worth the trouble.

Rafayel: Got your "bait" ready?

Main Character: Yeah. I'll play their game and let myself be taken into the N109 Zone.

Rafayel: Which means we need to cast the line. Should be easy enough. Here.

Main Character: What's this?

Rafayel: Write your bargaining chip on it.

(Action — Take the pen.)

Rafayel: Waiter.

Main Character: Who's he going to tell?

Rafayel: Doesn't matter. If they're interested, they're in.

Main Character: Now we wait for the fish to bite. How long?

Rafayel: Not long. The Nest lives up to its name, you know. It's an underground intelligence network that's known to match supply and demand.

Rafayel: Even normal info would've passed through three layers by now.

Main Character: And what's this?

Rafayel: It's part of the process. Drink it, and you officially have a deal.

Main Character: It's black...

(Action — Take the cup.)

Rafayel: Think about it first. A black glass means you'll pay a high price.

Rafayel: If it doesn't go smoothly, you'll be the payment instead.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: Being the payment is still better than staying in the same place and doing nothing.

Rafayel: Since you've made up your mind, I won't stop you.

Rafayel: I hope you find the answer you seek.

The Main Character joins the Hunt, becoming the prey.

Main Character: So far, everything looks normal...

Main Character: Lumiere...

(Action: ?)

Main Character: I guess it's to be expected. With so many people after him, they're willing to wait in a line that stretches from the equator to the South Pole.

Guest: Move aside! It's about to start!

Main Character: Hey! You...

Main Character: (Wait, it's probably better if I stay low-key.)

Main Character: (More people are here.)

Main Character: (They're surprisingly calm.)

Main Character: ?!

Radio: There's a price to pay when a wish is granted. Will you be the hunter or the hunted tonight?

Main Character: (It's starting...)

Radio: Hunting Day will now commence.

Main Character: It's that eye again!

Main Character: (Is it here for me? No, something's off... I should hide for now...)

Main Character: !!!

Guest A: There she is...

Guest B: This is the prey...

Main Character: It's coming...

Main Character: (It worked...!)

Man in Black: C-003 neurotoxin. If you're smart you won't move.

On a secluded area above, Rafayel talks with an unknown man.

Rafayel: The more enticing the bait, the more dangerous things can get. Most are clueless to it.

Rafayel: Now's not the time to celebrate. The big fish we want hasn't fallen for it yet. Did you bring the stuff I requested?

Rafayel: You're fine with handing over a fresh catch just like that?

Rafayel: Do you really think they can handle the prey I caught?