Afternoon Arclight (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Rafayel: Sorry, the number you dialed is not in the mood for phone calls. Please try again later.

Main Character: Rafayel isn’t in trouble, is he?

Rafayel: Who…? Oh, it’s too early…

Main Character: Too early? The sun's already up! Why do you sound so groggy? Were you sleeping?

Rafayel: I don't remember when I last slept. My sleep cycle has been messed up lately. Why didn't you tell me you were coming?

Main Character: I called several times, but you didn't pick up. I thought you had been kidnapped!

Rafayel: Me? Kidnapped? Puh-lease, the kidnappers would probably beg me to leave them alone.

Rafayel: I don't remember where I put my cellphone. It's probably dead now. Help me look for it, will you?

Rafayel: What's that in your hand?

Main Character: I picked up some snacks from the convenience store before coming over…

Rafayel: Looks like you weren't that concerned about me after all. You just had to grab food for yourself before coming to my rescue.

Main Character: What did you expect me to do? Throw away the snacks and come running in tears?

Rafayel: Haven't you seen those movies where the female lead finds out the male lead is in trouble, drops the delicious food she's holding, and leaves the house crying to look for him?

Main Character: Hah, in your dreams. I spent money on these.

Main Character: Hey, are you moving? Why are there cardboard boxes and drawings all over the place?

Rafayel: The boxes are stuff I bought online. As for those drawings, well, I no longer need them.

Main Character: They look pretty good. I can help you recycle them free of charge. What did you buy?

Rafayel: I don't remember. I was just sketching and waiting for inspiration to come. Every time I trashed a sketch I'm not happy with, I made another purchase.

Main Character: I didn't think great artists would also use online shopping to procrastinate… uh, relieve stress.

Rafayel: You look like you're playing hopscotch with your jumping around.

Main Character: I don't want to step on your drawings or mess up your clutter. Better safe than sorry when it comes to artists...

Rafayel: What clutter? I'd say you're the one who's messing me up.

Rafayel: I'll clear a path for you so that you don't bump into anything.

Main Character: What's wrong? Not feeling well?

Rafayel: It's nothing, just a little dizzy.

Rafayel: I waited for inspiration to hit over the past couple days before you came. Then a sudden idea struck me just now.

Rafayel: As a result, both my body and mind struggle to keep up. I feel shaken. It's probably because I'd been waiting for an idea for so long.

Rafayel: I guess it's the price to pay for an epiphany…

Main Character: Leave the pretty description for the reporters. When was the last time you ate?

Rafayel: …I vaguely remember eating at sunset the day before yesterday.

Main Character: What?! I'm surprised you haven't fainted! You're dizzy because you're starving!

Rafayel: I can't feel hunger now. I'm numb.

Main Character: Take whatever snacks you want from here. My treat.

Rafayel: Nothing strikes my fancy.

Main Character: I'll get some food delivered then.

Rafayel: No, I don't want to open the door to strangers.

Main Character: Urgh… Fine, then watch me eat.

Rafayel: What are you eating? It smells fishy.

Main Character: Dried shredded cod. Feeling hungry now, huh? Want some?

Rafayel: Not really, I only eat fresh seafood.

Main Character: …Why are you so picky? Don't knock it till you've tried it!

Rafayel: Mmph—

Main Character: Is it good?

Rafayel: Not at all, it's tasteless and hard. Reminds me of when I used to chew on paper.

Main Character: You could've eaten some real food instead of chewing on paper, you know. Gosh, you do some really strange things when left alone for long periods of time.

Rafayel: I…

Main Character: I've always liked dried shredded cod. When I was young, a bag of that and a good comic book would keep me occupied for a whole afternoon.

Main Character: Although I later branched out to other tastier snacks, I'd always go back to them whenever I felt nostalgic.

Main Character: Wait, I thought you didn't like them? Why are you eating mine?

Rafayel: I don't know what you were like as a child but I can experience your silliness vicariously through these.

Main Character: Slow down, no one's going to take them away from you.

Rafayel: Urgh! Garh!

Main Character: Have some water to wash it down.

Main Character: You're grabbing me so tightly I can't move my hand. Here, hold your own cup.

Rafayel: So thirsty! Why did my senses come back all of a sudden?

Main Character: Wow, you're really something, huh? You're the one who kept on painting without food or water or sleep…

Main Character: Install an automatic feeder by your side the next time you paint. That way, all you have to do is turn your head, and you won't faint from hunger.

Rafayel: Good idea, or maybe I should just hand a large pastry from my neck, the type that rotates. That way, I won't even need to move my head.

Rafayel: Where's my phone? I'll order one. Although come to think of it, does anyone sell that?

Main Character: You’re really gonna buy one?!

Rafayel: Now that you mention it, I just remembered there's something inside that package for you.

Main Character: Not bad. An octopus with a wooden handle... It's made of rubber? No wonder it's so light.

Main Character: I'll display this work of art at home and admire it.

Rafayel: No... it's for you to take with you when you go out.

Main Character: Huh?

Rafayel: Look at the strap on the handle. It's wide enough to pull down below your chin. Use it by putting it on your head…

Rafayel: Stick the suction cup of the octopus onto the roof of the bus. With this amazing device, you can sleep anywhere standing up.

Rafayel: But you'll have to be careful. Don't hang yourself. Pull it down over your chin, not your neck.

Main Character: …

Rafayel: I was thinking you would be exhausted after fighting off Wanderers. It would be nice if you could catch up on sleep anywhere.

Main Character: You want me to sleep? How about buying yourself one to remind you to sleep…

Rafayel: What do you think? Isn't it handy?

Main Character: Maybe. You're a genius, thinking of things we mere humans can't even imagine...

Main Character: Well, I… Thank you.

Rafayel: It's definitely practical, but its aesthetics leave much to be desired.

Rafayel: Hold on, I'll put some color on the tentacles so that it looks more presentable when you take it with you.

Rafayel: Of course, if you feel embarrassed, you can wait till the coast is clear before using it.

Main Character: Do you mean on the train ride back? In that case, this is completely useless.

Rafayel: Okay, then unbox something else. This one's definitely useful.

Main Character: Also for me?

Rafayel: Yup.

Main Character: You didn't even have time to eat while painting and yet you remembered to buy stuff for me…

Rafayel: When I'm hungry or cold, I think of you and I don't feel it anymore.

Main Character: Haha, you might be spouting nonsense, but I'm touched.

Main Character: This see-through umbrella looks normal enough on one side, but the other side is so long it almost touches the ground. It's not a factory defect, is it?

Rafayel: Of course not. I bought it just the way it is.

Main Character: I don't have the genius necessary to understand this. Please explain how it works.

Rafayel: I don't use an umbrella when it rains, but you can use it. It extends all the way down to the ground to keep your shoes from getting wet.

Main Character: But given my height, if I use this, I'll trip over the umbrella...

Rafayel: If I can hold it for you, it won't be a problem. This is our umbrella.

Main Character: Oh, how thoughtful of you. Thanks... Rafayel, I think you can pretty much, uh...

Rafayel: What, become an umbrella salesman?

Rafayel: This isn't even the best item I bought this time. The coolest stuff is still in the box. Come on!

Main Character: But the boxes are already empty... I know, the coolest item is you! Rafayel, you wouldn't think of packing yourself in a box, right…

Rafayel: Now, that's a suggestion. Would you sign for the package if I packed myself in a box and mailed it to you?

Main Character: So you wanted to play with the… bubble wrap?

Rafayel: I want to step on it, to be more precise. I specially requested more bubble wrap from the vendor.

Rafayel: It's fun! You try it!

Main Character: It's okay, I'll watch...

Rafayel: That won’t do!

Main Character: Hey, hold on…

Rafayel: Take your shoes off. You can feel it better.

Main Character: Fine, fine, I’ll give it a go…

How did I end up sleeping on the couch...? Was it Rafayel who put a blanket over me?

After struggling through the past few days, he's finally in the zone... I should leave quietly so that I don't disturb him…

Rafayel: Where are you going?

Main Character: I... It's getting late. I've some stuff to do, so I better get going. Keep painting. Don't forget to eat and sleep...

Rafayel: What's the hurry? I'm almost done painting. Don't you want to see it?

Main Character: Already? Of course I do!

Rafayel: I just finished a rough sketch. I haven't really begun yet, so it's not the prettiest.

Main Character: It's okay, even if it were the finished product, I probably wouldn't be able to understand it completely. In any case, it's mainly about the feeling, right?

Rafayel: Wow, you could very well be my soulmate.

Main Character: Are my eyes playing tricks on me? This looks like a person, but it's horizontal...

Rafayel: You're right. It's a person sleeping.

Rafayel: See, even though this person is hidden under a mess of lines; you were able to clearly tell that she's the focus of the painting.

Main Character: What's with your use of "this person" and "that person"? That's clearly me in your painting...

Main Character: Didn't you say you've never painted people? Why did you secretly paint me?

Rafayel: It just felt right, so why not give it a shot?

Rafayel: Besides, when I see an image I want to capture on canvas, the inspiration naturally flows. You're just a piece of the whole. Don't feel that this is all about you.

Main Character: But you didn't even tell me you were going to do this. I look horrible when I sleep!

Rafayel: Don't judge yourself too harshly. There's no such thing as beauty and ugliness in art.

Rafayel: But if you're not happy with this, I'll burn it. I'll just wait a couple of days and when inspiration strikes, I'll paint something else.

Main Character: No way, that's me in the painting! If you're going to burn it, you might as well give it to me...

Rafayel: I thought you didn't like it.

Main Character: Well... I'll have another look when you're done painting! Don't you dare destroy it!

Rafayel: You might have to wait for a few more days. I have high professional standards and will never show off a half-finished art piece.

Main Character: I'm not impatient. Go on then, I'm leaving!

Rafayel: Bye now! You know the way out!

Rafayel: Sheesh, you can't even sleep without tossing and turning. Painting you is hard work...