Land Of Secret Flames 01
"Jewelry, luxury homes, connections... The wealth Maxwell has accumulated extends beyond mere money..."

"According to insiders, Maxwell, who made a name for himself, possesses exceptional jewelry appraisal skills ever since he was young..."

"The banquet he's preparing for his wedding anniversary this year will be held on a private island. All invitees are wealthy celebrities..."

Main Character: It'll be hard to get close to someone like him. Besides, this person is already on the Association's watch list.

Main Character: (Looks like I'll have to tap into my precious "connections" to complete this mission.)

The villa on the bay quietly sits in the cool, salty sea air. Welcoming my arrival, the familiar iron gate is half-open as always.

Main Character: I need to remind him that his habit of leaving the door open should be broken.

I close the door behind me and head to Rafayel's studio.

Rafayel: ...Like, don't get me wrong, it looks sooo much better. But your position still isn't visually appealing.

Main Character: (There are other people here? That's rare...)

The wind blows open another door before I can reach it, and the sound of waves resounding inside the house rushes to greet me.

In front of the large floor-to-ceiling window, an unusual figure swings their arms as they're bathed in sunlight.

Main Character: Rafayel?

Rafayel, dressed in formal clothes, turns around. A smile appears on his face as he places his right hand on his chest. He bows.

Rafayel: Welcome, my esteemed guest! Please, take a seat.

He points at a cushioned high-back chair by the small dining table next to him. With his gaze, he urges me to sit.

Main Character: ... When you mentioned a concert, you were talking about this? It's happening now?

Rafayel: Of course.

Sunlight washes over the chair. A cup of tea sits on the edge of the table, and a dark red plush carpet covers the floor.

He put a lot of thought into preparing this. He is not messing around.

Rafayel: Since the audience is here, the concert can officially begin.

I can't help but let my gaze fall on the thin paintbrush in Rafayel's hand.

Rafayel: Watch closely. This isn't just any paintbrush. It's...

Rafayel slightly lifts his chin to create suspense. Then he turns back to the floor-to-ceiling window. He holds the paintbrush and poses.

If I'm not mistaken, that's the pose a conductor does.

Rafayel: Is everyone ready?

Main Character: ?

I look around the room again. I'm the only one here.

Even if we count the beach, only a few seagulls are perched nearby. They're preening their feathers.

Rafayel: Cookies!

The seagulls on the beach suddenly turn their heads toward Rafayel. They stretch their necks and squawk loudly.

Main Character: ...Hold on.

Rafayel: There's no time. Lemons!

The joyful cries of the seagulls immediately change at the same time. They hit a difficult, high-pitched note and hold it for a while.

Main Character: The cool sea breeze lifts the hem of his suit and blends with the warm sunlight to create a relaxing, refreshing experience.

Rafayel's pose is simple yet subtly expressive. His eyes are half-closed as if he's engrossed in the melodious tune. Assuming this is a mime performance, it's perfect in terms of being a concert. It's a shame I can't mute the world.

Before the seagulls' maddening cries overwhelm my mind, I go to the window and set down a plate of cookies and lemons.

The rhythmic cries stop. Seagulls fly in to snatch the food before scattering. They're satisfied.

Rafayel: Excuse me—

Rafayel watches the seagulls disband. He reluctantly puts down his paintbrush.

Rafayel: Not only did you interrupt the conductor, but you also fed the orchestra during a concert. I've never met an audience member as audacious as you.

Main Character: Weren't these supposed to bribe the seagulls so they stay quiet?

Rafayel: Okay, I guess that was pretty obvious.

Main Character: Tell me to bring my noise-canceling headphones next time.

Rafayel points to the earbuds, headphones, and pillow on the sofa.

Rafayel: I think it's pretty clear how I've spent these past few days.

Rafayel: These seagulls are so noisy that I can't get anything done, you know. If I don't find a way to discipline them soon, I'll have to resort to drastic measures.

The seagulls finish the food on the plate and flap their wings. They fly toward the azure ocean.

Rafayel: Well, a hasty curtain call is to be expected for a seagull performance.

Rafayel: The weather's so nice today. Do I have the honor of inviting you to afternoon tea since the concert's over?

Twirling the paintbrush in his hand, Rafayel walks to the small dining table. He lifts the tablecloth with the paintbrush's handle.

Rafayel: I was planning to surprise you when it ended, but I suppose my plans can never keep up with you.

Main Character: Was the concert only the beginning? Is this the real reason why you invited me over?

Rafayel: No.

The aroma of food lingers in the air as Rafayel pours me a cup of hot tea. His gaze implies there's more than meets the eye as it's reflected in the drink's ripples.

Rafayel: I heard some rumors. Aaand even if I didn't invite you, you'd probably find me of your own accord.

Main Character: ...Looks like the sea breeze is good at carrying news.

Rafayel: Since you left the N109 Zone, certain "eyes" that lurk in the shadows are waiting for the play's next act.

Rafayel: Problems keep coming up. I'm not sure which one you'll deal with first, though. Sooo, I'll take the initiative and offer you a reward of your choice.

The rare display of honesty and underlying assertiveness catches me off guard. He's already in control of the conversation.

I swallow my food. After contemplating my choices, I pick up my cup and extend it toward him with a question.

Main Character: Why don't you be even more honest? Is there something that needs my immediate attention?

Rafayel: Not necessarily. But it is something only you can do.

Main Character: Me?

Rafayel: Yes, only you.

The corner of Rafayel's mouth curls up. As we clink glasses, his expression carries a hint of determination.

I know this matter is anything but ordinary for him and me.

Rafayel: Breaking the shackles of time requires patience. As they say, haste makes waste. Let's talk about your issue first, yeah?

The well-known tycoon, Maxwell, is on the Association's watch list for suspected involvement in illegal Protocore smuggling.

At the last auction he attended, he bought a set of jewelry that wasn't top-tier for a high price and claimed it was for his wedding anniversary.

Would a wealthy entrepreneur skilled in jewelry appraisal make such a mistake?

Jenna: Based on our intel, the Association suspects this was an illegal Protocore transaction disguised as a jewelry auction.

Jenna: And when we look at the price, if it's really related to Protocores, it must be no ordinary type.

Main Character: In other words... an Aether Core might be hidden in that jewelry.

Jenna: We don't have any conclusive evidence at the moment, so we can't confiscate his assets. You'll have to do an undercover investigation.

Main Character: Yes, Captain.

Maxwell plans to give the jewelry to his wife at the banquet. If I attend, I might be able to inspect it.

As for getting my hands on an invitation from a tycoon...

Main Character: Only you can do this, Rafayel.

Rafayel: I know, I know. Your eyes already acknowledged how wonderful I am the moment you walked in through that door. You don't need to butter me up even more.

Rafayel leaves the changing room with his hands behind his back. Anticipation builds with each step he takes.

Main Character: What about the invitation...?

Rafayel: Didn't I say I'd present you with a reward of your choice? Here you go.

A shadow falls in front of me. Rafayel covers my face with one hand and ties something at the back of my head with the other. I raise my hand and touch the smooth surface. The object is sort of firm. Rafayel wraps an arm around my shoulder and leads me to the mirror.

Main Character: A mask for a masquerade?

Rafayel: Aaand the invitation to Maxwell's private banquet.

Rafayel stands behind me. He appears to be dissatisfied with how the mask is positioned. While talking, he undoes the knot and reties it.

Rafayel: Maxwell and his wife, Gabriella, met at a masquerade ball.

Rafayel: The theme of their wedding anniversary is "Reliving the Moment." Guests will wear customized masks as part of his commemorative gift.

Main Character: It sounds like he really loves his wife.

Main Character: But these masks are custom-made. So they must represent its wearer's identity, right?

Rafayel: Yup. Your clothes and jewelry are ready, too. Now's the perfect time to get acquainted with your new identity.

I glance at my reflection in the mirror. I notice Rafayel's somewhat extravagant formal attire that suits a masquerade.

Main Character: So you're not an artist? I'm curious about the new relationship you've set up for us.

Mischievous, Rafayel winks at me as I'm looking at my reflection in the mirror.

Rafayel: A new, talented opera singer who's accompanied by a dedicated manager, bodyguard, and assistant.

Main Character: ...Which one of us is the opera singer?

Rafayel: I'm definitely not your manager, bodyguard, or assistant. I never accept side gigs.

Three days later. On a luxurious yacht, the banquet is in full swing. Melodious music accompanies the event.

I quietly touch the back of my head. The mask is on my face, and the strap shows no signs of becoming loose.

With a champagne glass in hand, I stand behind Rafayel. I occasionally pretend to take a sip as I observe the people around us.

Rafayel: Why are you so far away?

Rafayel, who's also wearing a mask, turns around and looks at the distance between us with some confusion. He gestures for me to come closer.

Rafayel: Your clothes and mannerisms are your face in a banquet like this. Which means they're under everyone's scrutiny.

Rafayel: Sooo people are gonna think I brought an assassin with me when you stand over there like that.

Main Character: ...

I mouth "This is the distance a bodyguard should be at" to Rafayel.

Resigned, Rafayel lowers his head and walks over to stand beside me.

Rafayel: Then switch your role to manager so we can be near each other.

Rafayel: Besides, when you first became my bodyguard, you weren't this meticulous about keeping your distance.

Just as Rafayel is about to say something, a man wearing a jester mask walks over to us.

My "intuition" as a bodyguard makes me step forward to protect Rafayel who's behind me.

Rafayel: He's just here to talk. You don't need to be on high alert.

I nod and step aside. Standing next to Rafayel, I watch as Rafayel starts a conversation with him.

"Jester": Your bodyguard is competent.

Smiling, Rafayel looks at me.

Rafayel: Being modest would be a disservice to her. Having her around is the best thing that's happened to me.

Ever since he's boarded the yacht, Rafayel's speech and enunciation have changed. His gestures are also more exaggerated than usual.

It's like he's a real opera singer.

"Jester": Hehe, interesting... Maxwell made this mask and brooch for Yosef.

"Jester": He should be over seventy right now. But you sound like a young man.

Here we go. I feel a little on edge, but my expression remains calm as I take the wine glass from Rafayel's hand.

Rafayel: Are you saying that seventy-year-old Yosef should disregard his health and attend in person?

"Jester": Youngsters like yourself are very sharp-tongued. While Yosef and I were drinking tea and playing chess, you were probably having fun somewhere else.

Rafayel: Judging by your attitude, you must be an "old friend" of his, good sir. Has he not taken the time to share some of his insight with you?

Rafayel: For example, how does a person avoid becoming an annoying old man?

"Jester": ...Watch your tongue. Did Maxwell actually allow someone like you to attend this banquet?

On the hold of the ship, the crisp sound of clinking glasses captures everyone's attention.

A middle-aged man wearing a dark purple velvet suit stands up with a glass of wine. His smile is barely concealed under his mask.

Maxwell: I'd like to thank everyone for attending this banquet.

Maxwell: Tomorrow is my 40th wedding anniversary with Gabriella. The yacht will arrive at the island where the event will be held.

Upon seeing the host, the "jester" reluctantly closes his mouth.

He angrily glares at Rafayel before walking away.

Rafayel adjusts his mask and discreetly curls fingers at his side. He's beckoning to me. Once l'm next to him, we start quietly talking to each other.

Main Character: Is it time for Plan B?

Rafayel: Yeah. Remember to act natural. Leave the dramatic parts to me.

Maxwell: All of you have probably heard about my gift for Gabriella.

Maxwell gestures to the cabin, and everyone's gazes shift. A tall bodyguard leaves the cabin while holding a jewelry box adorned with an intricate floral pattern.

Main Character: (!)

Following Maxwell's directions, the bodyguard places the jewelry box on a display that's been specifically crafted for it.

It's located at the front of the banquet hall.

Bathed in meticulously placed lighting accompanied by perfect angles and color, the jewelry resembles a solidified, dark-blue tranquil ocean.

Main Character: (This might be a good chance to get a closer look.)

Maxwell: You also must've heard about the people who claim my old eyes are failing me and I can't tell what a real treasure is anymore.

As Maxwell lightly joked about himself, everyone joined in with good-natured laughter.

Maxwell: When the official banquet begins, I will let everyone know that its true value is far beyond the money I spent.

Female Guest: It must be the perfect piece of jewelry for Gabriella since he spent so much money on it.

Male Guest: I heard it complements Gabriella's eyes. Maybe that's the reason.

I hear the guests' conversations around me. Recalling Maxwell's files, I shake my head.

Rafayel understands the meaning behind my gaze and follows me.

"Jester": Heh, you can't wait to get closer to Maxwell?

Main Character: (...He's annoying.)

The "jester" follows us, and his unabashedly rude remark catches Maxwell's attention.

Maxwell: What's going on?

As soon as Maxwell walks away from the display, the bodyguard carefully closes the jewelry box, picks it up, and leaves the way he came.

Rafayel and I exchange a glance and decide to stay still for now.

"Jester": This is good. Maxwell, would you kindly introduce this young man?

"Jester": Who's this young man wearing Yosef's family brooch?

He's strutting around like he's some kind of VIP.

Main Character: Sir, please keep your distance from my employer.

"Jester": What are you talking about? People like you can't even dream of talking to me!

Rafayel, seemingly unfazed, bows toward Maxwell and lowers his head with an air of grace.

Maybe if someone else did it, it would seem pretentious. But his gesture only brings to mind phrases such as "an elegant gentleman."

Rafayel: It's been a while, Maxwell. Allow me to greet you on behalf of my uncle.

Maxwell: Oh, you're... Yes, of course.

Maxwell: Allow me to introduce you. This is Yosef's distant nephew.

Maxwell: You should listen to him perform. He's truly an opera star in the making.

"Jester": Really? Why haven't I heard about Yosef's opera-singing nephew?

Rafayel: Why are you asking about that? Do you even know all his legitimate and illegitimate children? Have you met them? Or even held them for that matter?

Rafayel: It's almost like you know more about my family than I do.

The "jester" is taken aback. He's about to speak when Maxwell interrupts him with a cough.

Maxwell: Indeed. Why must a person meddle in another family's affairs? You should work on that nasty temper of yours.

Understanding the implications of Maxwell's words, the "Jester" presses his lips into a thin line and mutters under his breath.

He's somewhat displeased.

"Jester": Tch, that explains why you're so arrogant. You're an illegitimate child...

Annoyed, Rafayel puts on a stern expression. I position myself between him and the "Jester."

Maxwell: All right, all right, young man, there's no need to get so worked up. I just heard your bodyguard threatening an elder. That's not right.

Rafayel: Sorry, I can't do anything about that. My bodyguard who's also my manager has a bad temper, especially when it comes to people offending me.

Rafayel: I can't just ask her to stop being so protective of me, can l?

Maxwell raises an eyebrow before understanding the "situation."

Maxwell: Haha. Ah, youth...

Maxwell: For my sake, why don't you all calm down? The night is still young. There's no need to waste it on trivial matters.

Rafayel scoffs, but he immediately quiets down after I pat his back, then nods at Maxwell.

Rafayel: Now that the misunderstanding's been cleared up, I'd be happy to extend this courtesy to you.

Rafayel: Let's head back and rest for a bit.

Rafayel offers his elbow to me. Once I place my hand on his arm, he escorts me out of the banquet hall like a performer leaving the stage.

Rafayel heads to a secluded spot. He slows down, leans toward me, and exhales.

Rafayel: Acting is so exhausting...

Rafayel: But thanks to him, no one will question us. It should be smooth sailing for our future operations from here on out.

Main Character: It's a shame the script changed from nephew to illegitimate child. There shouldn't be any problems, right?

Rafayel: The old man has countless illegitimate children. No one would bat an eye if word got out. At best, we'll get a few more disdainful looks.

Main Character: That's good. We won't even see someone rolling their eyes at us with these masks.

Rafayel: Yeah, it's perfect.

Main Character: I wasn't able to get close to the jewelry. So I didn't sense anything unusual...

My hair hides the strap at the back of my head. Seeing me struggle to find it, Rafayel helps me untie it.

I can't help but rub my face the moment the mask comes off. It feels a little stiff.

Rafayel: Your target this time is jewelry?

He fiddles with my mask, his palm and slender fingers making it look delicate.

Main Character: What about you? Is pretending to be your manager, bodyguard, and assistant as far as my help goes?

Rafayel: ...

He gazes out at the ocean, his exposed half-face showing a pensive expression.

Rafayel: Don't worry, I'll tell you everything when the time comes.

Rafayel: I'm not saying anything now because I'm worried the info dump will overload your brain.

Main Character: Now I'm even more curious...

Rafayel: Surely you have other questions besides what I'm actually after. Why not ask a simple one?

Main Character: You're wearing a disguise for a reason. Are you hiding from the people who posted your bounty on the dark web?

Rafayel: It's part of the reason, yeah. Buuut I have other enemies.

Main Character: They're also on this ship?

Rafayel: They're also on this ship.

I expected as much, but I still let out a soft sigh.

Main Character: ...Why do I always feel like you're dragging me into trouble?

Rafayel: Don't worry about it. Considering how strong you are, no one can beat you in a fist fight.

Main Character: I knew it. Nothing is ever simple when you need me to be involved.

Rafayel keeps smiling. He lifts my right hand and gently presses it against his cheek. It's a gesture of gentlemanly courtesy.

Rafayel: I guess I should apologize, huh? But I have a feeling that's not what you want right now.

His mask has more decorations than mine. Its rough, uneven texture creates an illusion of warmth as it's caressed.

My fingers trace the edge of the mask and descend to his jawline. I almost touch his skin.

Main Character: Can you guess what I want?

Rafayel: A mission that won't let the night go to waste?

My hand lands on Rafayel's wrist, and I pull him toward me.

Main Character: Correct.

Main Character: I'll wait until the dead of night to pull off a grand heist. Want to be my partner in crime?

The mask's frozen smile is brimming with the vitality Rafayel has infused into it. It almost comes to life as its wearer gazes at me.

Rafayel: The sea at night is the perfect stage for a magnificent performance. I'm honored I get to share it with you.

Cruise Ship, Third Floor, 9: 15 PM

While the guards change shifts, the corridor is empty. It's the perfect time to start our mission.

I already know the yacht's map by heart. I carefully push open the door and bring Rafayel with me.

Main Character: Take a left at 3594, go up the stairs, and then take another left before walking to 4136. Go through the side door and cross the terrace. That's how we'll reach the security room.

Rafayel: Are you sure we won't get caught by the patrolling guards?

Main Character: Of course. Don't forget, I'm not doing this by myself.

I adjust my earring. Or rather, it's a small communication device disguised as an earring.

Main Character: The guards' schedule, patrol routes, and the vault passcode are all in it.

Rafayel: Your Association is truly a gathering of hidden talents.

Main Character: Hurry up. The passcode changes every ten minutes. It'll be tough if we miss our chance.

We arrive at the terrace on the fourth floor smoothly. It's not long until the vault's location appears within my line of sight.

Main Character: There are guards on patrol. We have to distract them.

Rafayel: That's easy. We just need an encore.

A small flame flickers from his fingertip. I nod.

Main Character: You're so good at this. How many people have you scared with that trick?

Rafayel: Who asked me to be her partner in crime?

Main Character: Me. Yes.

The communication device beeps. The passcode has been successfully deciphered.

I gesture to Rafayel. He nods, and a tiny flame materializes—

???: You're a good man, Maxwell. Spending a fortune just to make your wife smile...

Maxwell: My small gift pales in comparison to your company's wealth and power.

Main Character: (Why is Maxwell here?!)

Rafayel: Here.

The sound of laughter gets closer. Rafayel opens the hatch in the corner of the floor and pulls me down.

The door silently closes, and our surroundings darken.

The space below the deck is cramped and small. With the faint light from the automatic emergency light, I can barely make out the piles of items.

Concerned that any noise would alert Maxwell and the others, Rafayel and I have to stay close together and not move.

Rafayel: ...What's wrong?

Main Character: Your hand... It's poking me.

He hesitates before moving his hand aside and rests it on the clutter behind me, as if he's trying to wrap his arms around my waist.

Rafayel: Better?

Against the hazy light, his figure is hard to discern. But the depths of his gaze are front and center, profound as the ocean itself.

I force myself to look away and focus on the commotion above us.

???: ...originally wanted to attend, but he couldn't leave. He asked us to send you and your wife his regards.

Maxwell: You're too kind...

Rafayel: Can't these people like talk about their everyday lives somewhere else?

Rafayel: Is the passcode about to change?

Main Character: It's okay. We still have at least seven or eight minutes. Let's wait.

Rafayel: But... aren't you uncomfortable?

"...Of course, I am," I say in my heart.

Curled up in front of Rafayel, I can't stretch my limbs. They're starting to feel numb.

To make matters worse, a strand of hair falls across my face.

It's almost in my eyes.

Main Character: Huff... Huff...

Rafayel: ...

I try to blow it away, but it doesn't do anything. Rafayel's bangs slightly sway instead.

Rafayel: Let me help.

He raises his hand and moves it toward my cheek. However, his elbow hits the deck—

Rafayel: ...

Luckily, the people on the deck are still chatting and laughing.

They didn't hear us.

Main Character: I'm fine. I can deal with it...

I try to suppress the strange feeling of the hair on my face. But the more I try to ignore it, the more I focus on it.

After a few moments, tears well up in my eyes. My vision starts to blur.

Rafayel: ...Don't move.

He lowers his head. Suddenly, I can see him in much greater detail. He's so close that his eyelashes almost brush against my cheek.

Accompanied by the faint warmth of his breath, his nose touches the area between my eyebrows.

Following the curve of my brow ridge, he slowly moves that annoying strand of hair to the side.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: Is it better?

I force myself to nod calmly, trying to ignore the heat rising in my cheeks. I refocus on the conversation above us.

And somehow, in the span of a few minutes, their conversation has changed completely.

???: Please think this over, Maxwell. As long as you're willing to give up Jewel Reef, feel free to name your price.

???: This would be a great opportunity for you to collaborate with Ever again, don't you think? I'm sure your wife would agree.

Main Character: (Ever...)

A bit of doubt flashes through my mind when I hear that name.

Judging by their conversation, this isn't the first time Maxwell has been involved with Ever.

Main Character: (Is his Protocore smuggling business related to them?)

Maxwell: I already told you. I'm never selling the island. Stop asking.

???: Maxwell, we've been very sincere. Being at each other's throats won't benefit anyone,

right?

Maxwell: Are you threatening me?

???: No, no. We wouldn't even consider it. But your anniversary is coming up. It'd be a shame if

something went awry to ruin the event.

Maxwell sounds even more displeased. The three argue for a bit before parting ways on bad terms.

I sigh when the sound of footsteps fades away. I reach out to open the hatch door.

Main Character: ...Are they gone?

Rafayel: Yeah, you can come out now. We'll be able to make it if we hurry.

Rafayel leaps onto the deck first. Then he turns back and pulls me up.

Main Character: Sneaking around on a yacht is more annoying than fighting a Wanderer.

Rafayel: Really? Your reflexes and skills are remarkable. You might want to consider working as a spy.

Main Character: No thanks. That means always being in a life-or-death situation. I just want to focus on staying alive.

After closing the door, I'm about to stand up when I notice a figure in the distance. It's Maxwell again?!

I yank Rafayel down. He stumbles and ends up crouching.

Rafayel: ...!

Maxwell: Who's there?

Rafayel pauses. He quickly realizes what's happening. Reacting faster than me, he cups my cheek.

Rafayel: Why are you crying? Are you feeling unwell? Or did I do something that made you upset?

Main Character: ...I'm not crying.

I frown, pretending to be angry and aggrieved as I look at him.

Rafayel: Yes, yes. But look at your face, cutie pie. Your cheeks are puffed out like a hamster's.

Rafayel: Didn't you say the grape mousse at the banquet was delicious? We can order another one later.

Main Character: Stop using food as a way to make me feel better.

Rafayel: You don't want to eat it?

Main Character: I do.

Rafayel: ...I knew it.

This performance successfully makes Maxwell stop in his tracks. He squints to scrutinize the two of us.

Maxwell: Are you...

Rafayel: Maxwell?

Rafayel turns his head. Upon seeing Maxwell, he appears surprised. He quickly helps me stand up.

I wipe away my imaginary tears, lower my head, and pretend to awkwardly hide behind Rafayel.

Rafayel: Good evening. This is... embarrassing to say the least.

Maxwell: Did you have a fight with your girlfriend?

Rafayel: It's just one of those lover's quarrels, you know. It's not a big deal... I thought we could take a breather.

Maxwell: I see.

He sounds like he doesn't believe us. I can't help but feel nervous.

Just then, a guard on patrol quickly approaches us. Puzzled, his gaze flits between us and Maxwell.

Guard: Mr. Maxwell, is everything all right?

Maxwell: You're just in time. I have to tell you something.

Maxwell: Tighten the security in the vault tonight and bring in a few more men to protect it. You must keep a close eye on the jewelry and the deed to Jewel Reef.

Guard: Understood.

Main Character: (This is bad.)

Our plan to sneak into the vault is ruined.

I quietly tug at Rafayel's sleeve, signaling that we should leave first.

Rafayel: Well, we'll be on our way. I hope you have a good rest of your night.

Maxwell: Wait.

Rafayel: ...Is there anything else?

Rafayel pauses. In the blink of an eye, he smiles and turns to Maxwell who walks up to us.

Maxwell: Stay away from the fourth floor if you want to get your mind off things.

Main Character: (Is he warning us...?)

As I quickly run through a hundred possibilities, Maxwell raises his hand and points upward.

Maxwell: Go to the bar or café on the fifth floor. There aren't a lot of people, and the atmosphere is better.

Main Character: We would've already gotten the jewelry if it weren't for those two island buyers.

Missing the opportunity that appeared before us, we returned to our room. And even though I'm upset, I have a new suspicion.

Main Character: There must be something Ever wants on that island. Otherwise, they wouldn't be so focused on it.

Rafayel: Who knows? Maybe they have too much money to spend.

Rafayel removes his mask and sets it aside. He rubs his wrist.

Rafayel: Before I injured my shoulder, now it's my wrist. Sigh... It seems like my hands have to get tortured somehow whenever we're together.

Main Character: It was an emergency... Are you hurt? Let me see.

Rafayel: Of course I am. Look.

I hold up his wrist. Several minutes pass before I find a faint mark from a fingernail.

Main Character: ...Oh, it's a serious injury, all right.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel unbuttons his cuffs, loosens his collar, and sinks into the chair. He eases himself into a comfortable position.

Rafayel: Are you still thinking about the jewelry thing?

Main Character: Yeah. I won't be able to catch Maxwell if I can't get close to it.

Rafayel: Honestly, I think this guy isn't as suspicious as you make him out to be.

Rafayel: He wears his heart on his sleeve, you know. He's wealthy and hopelessly in love.

Main Character: I doubt it. Since you decided to approach him, he must be more than just a rich, romantic fool.

Rafayel: He's a simple-minded, generous wealthy guy I wanna work with at some point. Is there a problem?

Main Character: That excuse might fool others, but not me. I think Maxwell is far from innocent.

Since this involves the Association's secrets, I can't say much.

I'm forced to beat around the bush.

Main Character: The Protocore smuggling he's doing isn't a simple business venture.

Rafayel: Is that so?

There's a knock at the door.

Why would someone be looking for us at this time? Did we get noticed? I can't help but be on edge.

Rafayel: Relaaax. You're practically wearing "I'm not innocent" on your face right now.

Rafayel: Even if they have ill intentions, do you really think the two of us can't handle it?

Main Character: You're right.

Rafayel opens the door. But before I can see who it is, he turns around. He's holding a tray.

Main Character: ...Grape mousse?

Rafayel: Aren't you hungry after working for a whole night?

The lighting on the small terrace outside the room is gentle.

With the refreshing sea breeze, we have a nice dining spot.

However...

Rafayel: ...It's okay if you don't wanna eat mousse. But don't be a meanie to it.

I realize the dessert is a mess because I poked it so many times.

Main Character: I'll eat it.

I devour a spoonful of mousse. But it's not long before I'm thinking about the jewelry again.

Main Character: It'll probably be in his wife's hands once the ship docks tomorrow. At that point, approaching it will be almost impossible.

Main Character: Do I have to talk to his wife? I'm not good at lying...

Rafayel: I see you're genuinely hungry.

He scoops the grapes off his dessert and gives them to me.

Rafayel: If you can't come up with anything, stop thinking about it for now. Where there's a will, there's a way. Maybe we'll get our chance once we reach the island.

Rafayel: Shouldn't those two Ever people be a bigger problem than Maxwell?

Main Character: Their obsession with buying the island is a little weird. But you can't blame them.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: If you compare Ever to Maxwell, then that Protocore smuggling stuff isn't something to be concerned about.

I'm a bit surprised. But I start thinking.

Main Character: (Rafayel's intelligence network is complex and full of secrets. If he's saying this, then he probably knows something...)

Main Character: You do have a point. I'll keep an eye on them.

Main Character: Too bad I didn't get to see those two. We should try and follow them in case—

Rafayel: Okay, it's time to stop using your brain!

Rafayel waves his hand in front of me. His expression becomes stern.

Rafayel: I told you that so your mind can take a break. It wasn't so you could throw yourself into another problem.

Main Character: But...

Like a magician, he pulls out something to feed to me. I bite down, and a candy's sweetness floods my mouth.

Rafayel: Right now, you're only allowed to think about one thing. One. Thing. Which is replenishing your energy before going to bed.

Main Character: ...

Maybe the sweetness makes me drowsy. Hearing the churning sea, I vaguely remember resting my head on a pillow and closing my eyes. Before I realize it, I'm slowly falling asleep.

The sound of the waves reverberates near my ears and slowly flows into my dark dream.

Faint moonlight spills over the pitch-black sea, carrying an ethereal chant from afar.

Main Character: This is...

...I feel like I've been here before.

As if sensing my arrival, the singing grows more peculiar and sad as if it wants to convey something to me.

An inexplicable sorrow stirs in my heart and mingles with nostalgia.

I can't help but reach out to that elusive melody.

Yet the waves surge, and the sea roars and swells under the howling winds.

It's at that moment the song dissipates. It drowns in the raging torrents.

Butler: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to welcome you to Jewel Reef. We are gathered here today to celebrate the wedding anniversary of Mr. Maxwell and Ms. Gabriella.

Butler: We have prepared various means of transportation for your use. You may relax at your lodgings or explore the island.

Butler: What's most notable about this island is the extraordinary blue hole situated at its center. It's a rare marvel of the world...

The next day at noon, the yacht reaches the island. A middle-aged butler welcomes the guests.

Butler: The ceremony will be held at seven o'clock this evening. Transportation will be arranged to ensure all attendees can make it to the manor's banquet. The butler guides each guest to the cars individually. With a smile, he turns his attention to us.

Butler: Do you need anything, sir?

Main Character: We're good, thank you. He's feeling a little... landsick.

Rafayel leans against my arm. He raises an eyebrow and reveals a slightly disgruntled expression.

Rafayel: I have a headache because someone had me appreciating the sea breeze with her late into the night.

Main Character: It's normal for sea creatures to have allergies on land. I understand.

Rafayel: ...Maybe you should stop trying to understand.

Main Character: ...

At that moment, it's as if a delicate string tightens around my heart. A faint tremor ripples through me. I turn around to see several guests and guards escorting a safe.

Behind me, they pass by.

Main Character: (The jewelry... There's definitely something off about it.)

Unfortunately, my hunches aren't enough to justify a proper investigation into the jewelry.

Main Character: (I still need to figure out how to get accurate data on the jewelry with my watch. Once I have that, the Association can officially start an investigation on Maxwell.)

Main Character: (Confronting these guards head-on isn't impossible, but cleaning up the mess that would come after will be troublesome...)

Rafayel: Chill out.

Rafayel: Once we're at the banquet, she'll wear the jewelry. You'll have plenty of opportunities to get close to it then.

Main Character: I can only hope... Wait, do you have telepathy or something? How did you know what I was thinking?

Rafayel: Is it really that hard to guess?

A car appears and stops right in front of us. Rafayel opens the door. He grabs my shoulder and turns me around.

Rafayel: Save the challenges for tonight. We're on an island vacation—are you really going to spend the whole time frowning?

Rafayel: Excuse me, sir, do you know where we can find the best view on this island? Can you take us there?

Before I can refuse, Rafayel gently pushes me into the car.

Main Character: ...Didn't you have a headache? Now you're fine?

He immediately rests his head on my shoulder.

Rafayel: Nooope.

The driver proves himself to be very diligent. He takes us to a tranquil place by the sea.

Rafayel and I walk on the grassland. One side is an expanse of lush vegetation, and the other side is the azure sea.

The underlying anxiety in my heart slowly dissipates, perhaps soothed by the breathtaking scenery.

Rafayel: I heard about this rare blue hole before. We gotta check it out to make this trip worthwhile, don'tcha think?

Main Character: You say that, but you're not here just for the view, are you?

Main Character: You said you needed my help. However, you didn't do anything on the yacht. That means your real goal is related to the island.

Rafayel: Not bad. You wanna keep going and guess what I'm aiming for?

I start to think. If there's one thing that Rafayel is particularly interested in, then...

Main Character: This place is related to Lemuria.

Main Character: They say time works its magic on everything. Who knows, maybe this tiny island was once a small garden in Lemuria thousands or millions of years ago.

Rafayel: I can't say for sure if it was a Lemurian garden, but...

Rafayel: Many, many years ago, this place was part of the ocean.

He crouches down and separates a small cluster of grass to unveil the rugged, rocky surface below.

Rafayel: Look. These are traces left behind by a coral reef.

I crouch down next to him. I look closely, but I can't make out anything.

Rafayel: It's been eroded over the years, so it's not obvious anymore.

Rafayel: Once upon a time, in an era beyond anyone's wildest imagination, this place wasn't covered with grass. Coral reefs stretched as far as the eye can see.

Rafayel: Shells and countless sea creatures, like fish, shrimps, and crabs, used to call it home.

Rafayel: Distant and intriguing—the land was a realm of unfathomable mystery to them.

Rafayel: But in the end, their once familiar homeland turned into the strangest of worlds.

His tone is light, tinged with an elusive emotion. His words are carried away by the sea breeze as soon as they leave his lips.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: Why are you just standing there? You don't wanna keep walking?

Are you thinking about your homeland?
I wanted to look at you.
Are you thinking about your homeland?

Main Character: Are you thinking about your homeland?

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: If I say yes, will you do something to make me feel better?

Main Character: Of course. I'll give you a headpat. Just like this.

Rafayel: You're not using this as an opportunity to mess up my hair, riiight?



We walk along the coast. As afternoon sunlight dims, the sea breeze becomes slightly cooler.

With every step we take, the terrain gradually ascends. Out of the corner of my eye, the dock we arrived at earlier has turned into a distant white speck.

Looking down, I notice the rocky tidal flat where a small boat is beached on the shore.

Main Character: Is that supposed to be a decoration?

Rafayel: Judging by its structure, it looks like an antique from a few centuries back. But it's in good condition.

Rafayel: The main sail and jib are intact, and the hull looks fine. Once it hits the water, it'll be gliding through the waves.

Main Character: At the very least it's more reliable than the boat we took to Hat Island.

Rafayel clears his throat and looks away. He pretends to be nonchalant about it. Smiling, I meet his gaze.

Main Character: Speaking of which, don't you think we have quite a strong connection with boats and islands and all that?

Main Character: The last time we were on an island, we basically got shipwrecked and ran into some Wanderers. Who knows what sort of "surprises" are waiting for us.

Rafayel: I guess there's a lack of faith, huh.

Main Character: It's only natural given our past experiences.

Main Character: Take this moment, for example. You said you'll show me the blue hole. But we've only seen flowers, plants, and rocks.

Rafayel: Whoa, easy there, cutie. Look.

Rafayel: Look. We've arrived.

Different from the coastline earlier, a deep blue sea appears before me.

A massive blue hole is nestled beneath the circular cliff, where the sea seems to have ceased flowing, transforming into a mesmerizing blue gem.

Peering down from the edge, I feel like I'm looking straight at the deep sea's soulful eye.

Rafayel: Watch where you're going. Don't let it lure you in.

Rafayel grabs my arm and pulls me back.

Rafayel: While Maxwell picked a decent venue, this is actually the best spot to view the blue hole.

I look into the distance and spot a cluster of mansion-like buildings on the lower land across from us.

A few figures can be seen. Waiters are preparing for the banquet.

Main Character: It's beautiful. No wonder Maxwell chose this place for his wedding anniversary.

Rafayel: It's not just "beautiful."

He picks up a small stone and throws it. It lands on the edge of the blue hole before vanishing into the dark blue depths.

Rafayel: The oxygen levels are super low in the blue hole, and light can't even reach it. Barely anything can live there.

Rafayel: Sooo over time, all sorts of rumors about it began to emerge.

Rafayel: Some say the blue hole is a gateway to another world. Others believe it hides countless treasures.

Main Character: People tend to have a wild imagination when it comes to unreachable locations.

Rafayel: But there's not any concrete evidence to debunk these rumors.

Rafayel: An unimaginable secret might be hidden in this blue hole.

Rafayel turns his attention to the blue hole. His clothes billow in the wind, and he looks like a bird ready to take to the skies.

As if at any moment, he's about to dive straight into the profound, dark blue abyss.

An inexplicable tremor reverberates from the depths of my heart.

Yet I'm not sure if Rafayel's words or a distant call from under the sea caused it.

It's 7: 00 P.M. The ceremony for the wedding anniversary takes place as scheduled in front of the manor near the blue hole.

Amidst the guests' applause and cheers, Maxwell presents the jewelry to his beloved wife, Gabriella.

Wearing a mask, I hide with Rafayel in the crowd, listening to Maxwell passionately recounting how he first met his wife.

Rafayel: The gemstones used in the jewelry are from the place where they fell in love with each other... Talk about being hopelessly lovey-dovey.

Main Character: There were many rumors about why Maxwell bought it. Turns out he had a romantic reason.

Main Character: But it's also disappointing in a way.

Maxwell: ...However, this is only part of my gift.

Maxwell: Gabriella, what I truly want to give you... is this island.

As soon as Maxwell finishes speaking, fireworks explode in the night sky and cast a colorful glow upon our surroundings.

Under this radiance is the blue hole as it emits a faint light. The water's surface shimmers like a precious gemstone.

Maxwell: They say this blue hole is a rare wonder of the world. Not only is it this island's heart, but it's also the sea's.

Maxwell: My wife entrusted me with her precious, pure heart. And so, I was given the gift of experiencing the best love in the world.

Maxwell: That's why I'd like to offer her the world's most precious, purest heart.\

Maxwell: This island's official name is Gabriella's Atoll.

The fireworks become increasingly more magnificent and dazzling, accompanied by joyful laughter and applause.

Gabriella, who's brimming with happiness, tightly holds her husband's hand.

The jewelry she's wearing around her neck is even more brilliant.

Rafayel: Don't ogle so much. Even a mask can't hide how you're eyeing the jewelry.

Main Character: ...I'm trying to come up with a conversation starter for when I approach her later.

Rafayel: This is easy. Just say—

Rafayel: "Gabriella, your love story was so moving. I would be honored to hear more about it."

Main Character: I don't think that's enough to earn her trust.

Rafayel: Remember, to Maxwell and his wife, you're the girlfriend of Yosef's illegitimate kid.

Rafayel: With such a complex background, it's pretty clear that our love story is filled with obstacles.

Rafayel: Sooo, it's only natural for you to admire the romance between Maxwell and Gabriella. She might even pity you.

Main Character: ...Rafayel, did you work as an actor before? How are you able to easily slip into any role?

Rafayel adjusts my mask that's slightly askew. He softly chuckles.

Rafayel: Go. If you don't move now, someone else will snatch this opportunity.

I take a deep breath, clutch the hem of my dress, and walk to the center of the crowd where Gabriella is.

Over half an hour later.

Rafayel: How was it?

Main Character: There... weren't any energy fluctuations.

Away from the lively manor, a large, serene plain rests on the slope near the blue hole.

Disappointed, I sit down on the grass. My gaze is fixed on the almost still seawater within the blue hole. My sigh soars into the air, releasing me from the weight of my emotions.

Even when I sensed it in every way possible and scanned it with my watch, the jewelry showed no abnormalities.

Main Character: Never mind. Captain Jenna said that finding Aether Cores would be a long-term struggle. It can't progress as smoothly as I hoped.

Main Character: I'll treat this as an island vacation.

Rafayel: I haven't even started comforting you and you're already coming to terms with it?

Main Character: How were you going to do that? I'm willing to listen to your plan.

Rafayel props up his chin in his hand. It appears as if he's lost in thought for a moment.

Rafayel: I haven't made up my mind yet, you know. Buuut maybe this will cheer you up?

He takes out something from inside his coat. It's a small bundle of...

Main Character: Sparklers?

Rafayel: Take one.

His fingertip glows. Before my very eyes, small fireworks blossom from it. I can't help but laugh.

Main Character: Rafayel, I discovered one of your new skills.

Rafayel: Hmm?

Main Character: You always manage to pull out something unexpected from your coat. How many surprises are you hiding?

Rafayel: Not a lot. These are all I have.

He ignites the remaining sparklers and passes them to me. In my hand, they magically transform into a dazzling bouquet. Seemingly attuned to the mood, the sea breeze subsides and allows the sparklers to glow until they flicker out. Then, it rises with the tide.

Main Character: Let's go. It's about time we head back—

Rafayel: Shh.

A serious look appears on his face, and he turns away. Taking my hand, he swiftly guides me to a nearby rock.

Rafayel: We have company.

Seeing his wary expression, I hold my breath and "write" my question on the rock with my finger. "Maxwell?"

He shakes his head. After a minute or two passes, I hear voices that are moving toward us.

???: We're ready. It won't be long before things get chaotic.

???: When the time comes, head to Maxwell's private collection room. It's in the southeast corner. Find it while I stay in the manor to...

Main Character: (These voices... They're those people from Ever!)

Main Character: (Are they scheming something because Maxwell refused to give up the island?)

On the rock, I "write" the question "Ever?" Rafayel nods.

???: If only Maxwell sold the island to us. Then we wouldn't have to go through all this trouble.

???: Weren't you listening to the higher-ups? The stuff that's hidden on this island is very important. It can't end up with the wrong people...

Rafayel: What is this stuff exactly? Do you wanna share your big secret with me?

???: Who's there?!

Flames encircle the two. Rafayel approaches them slowly, one step at a time. I grab my firearm.

Main Character: Are you going to explain yourselves? Or would you rather have a thoughtful discussion at the Hunters Association?

They clench their teeth and refuse to speak. And just when I'm about to make another inquiry, I sense a powerful surge of Metaflux.

Main Character: Rafayel, a Wanderer is about to appear!

My watch sounds the alarm which coincides with the violent tremors that shake the sea.

I hurry toward the blue hole, but Rafayel blocks my way.

Rafayel: Before we continue, I need to ask you something. Do you like treasure hunts?

Main Character: I do. But how is that related to the Wanderer?

Rafayel: Then this adventure won't disappoint you.

Recalling the rumors he mentioned in the afternoon about the treasure in the blue hole, unease washes over me.

Main Character: You're... going to look for that treasure?

Rafayel: The wind's getting stronger because of the high tide. It's the perfect time for a treasure hunt.

Rafayel: Let's go!

He holds me in his arms and rushes to the shore. The waves intensify and slowly engulf everything I can see.

Meanwhile, a terrifying behemoth reveals itself in the center of the blue hole.

Main Character: (The Protofield disappeared...)

In the depths of the dark blue sea, light sporadically flashes.

Struggling to keep my eyes open, I can't find my way.

Main Character: (I think we fell straight into the blue hole. I'll swim towards the light and see where it leads.)

Rafayel: Don't swim. Stop. Now turn your head.

I do as he says. However, trying to turn while underwater is surprisingly difficult.

A familiar warmth suddenly cradles the back of my head.

Strands of hair gracefully drift into my view, and they're followed by a gentle kiss.

Rafayel: Try it.

Main Character: Try what—

My steady breathing is accompanied by the faint fragrance of fresh sea salt. It permeates my entire being. I'm taken aback.

Main Character: ...I can breathe. I'm not even choking on water.

Rafayel: Do you also wanna see if your tears can turn into pearls?

Rafayel carefully runs his fingers along the area around my eyes. He instantly conjures up a thumb-sized Flammula like a magician pulling a rabbit out of a hat.

Rafayel: The tide is rising. Come on, let's find my treasure.

The little fish affectionately rubs its belly against Rafayel's fingertips. With a flick of its tail, it swims toward the depths of the blue hole as if it were our guide.

Main Character: Is there really a hidden Lemurian treasure at the bottom?

Rafayel: Only the undercurrent beneath the high tide and the tiniest fish know its location.

I playfully poke the Flammula swimming next to me. Unafraid, it swims closer and nuzzles my cheek.

Main Character: Why is the Flammula sillier than the one outside? It doesn't even have a sense of caution.

Rafayel: It's not the fish's fault. It only dares to come close because you have a familiar scent.

Main Character: Are you talking about when you kissed me?

Rafayel: ...Obviously, it's not just because of that.

As we head deeper into the blue hole, the undercurrents become more and more intricate.

The light has disappeared. In Rafayel's palm, a small flame materializes. It casts a gentle glow while fish playfully swim around it.

Rafayel: We're close to the entrance...

A force surges through the water. My heartbeat quickens, and I soon find myself tightly gripping Rafayel's hand.

Rafayel: Are you scared?

I shake my head. I try to peer into the depths of the darkness with the help of Rafayel's firelight.

However, I can't find the source of that mysterious force.

Main Character: Good news. Our target is probably in the same place.

Rafayel: And the bad news?

Main Character: My diving knowledge is limited. The deeper we go, the stronger the undercurrent gets. How deep do we need to be?

Rafayel: After we follow the surging tide and pass through a crevice, we'll reach a hidden fjord.

Rafayel: The undercurrent in the crevice will be even more chaotic. Make sure to hold on to me tightly when the time comes.

Suddenly, the undercurrent becomes stronger. It propels me forward wildly.

When we come to a stop, we find ourselves in a deeper part of the sea.

In serene darkness, a gentle light emanates below. It grows brighter only to dim. It's reminiscent of an aging heart's unhurried rhythm.

Rafayel: This is the island's cornerstone. It once bore the weight of Lemuria's past and future.

We slowly descend to the source of the light. Eventually, soft yet firm ground touches my feet.

The Flammula approaches Rafayel's flame. It vanishes at his feet and the fire disappears. The faint light fades only to flare up again.

Main Character: This...

Rafayel: It's part of Lemuria's long-lost Tome of the Sea God.

Under a tender radiance, the crimson seaweed on the seabed comes to life. They resemble a field of fire.

We stand on a massive, thick stone slab. The engravings on its surface are the light source.

Main Character: Those glowing marks look like symbols.

Main Character: Legend has it that the Tome of the Sea God contains prophecies about Lemuria's future...

Rafayel: But this part speaks of oblivion, not the future.

Main Character: Are you referring to how the world forgot about Lemuria's history?

Rafayel: It's not just that. There's also power.

Rafayel: Those who borrowed power from the sea betrayed it in the end.

Rafayel: They mistook the sea's tolerance for submission and forgot about its cruelty.

Rafayel: But I remember. And I will reclaim this forgotten power.

Main Character: ...Looks like that's where I come in, huh?

Main Character: What do you need me to do?

Rafayel takes my hand as he materializes a dagger.

Rafayel: Only those who have a bond with the Sea God can awaken the Tome.

Rafayel: I need you to bear with me for a moment.

The dagger grazes my fingertip. A drop of my blood is quickly sealed in a tiny bubble that falls onto the vibrant red seaweed.

The distant roar of a tsunami echoes in my mind, accompanied by immense glowing symbols swirling and materializing. They pierce my body and ascend.

Fragmented images that are bathed in a golden glow and a child-like voice break through the haze. They flood my mind—

(Younger Rafayel ???): You... awakened me...

Main Character: (Whose memory... is this...?)

???: ...Hey, are you listening—

???: ...I'm not stranded. It's the waves... They're just too strong.

???: Where I come from... If you say you like someone's scales, that means you like them...

???: ...You humans are bold. We've only known each other for a day and already you're thinking about our next meeting.

???: Remember... We'll see each other again at this spot next year.

???: This bond means you'll definitely come back to me. I'll always wait for you...

Main Character: Then... I, too...

The waves sweep away these fragmented memories. A cold breeze tinged with the scent of seaweed caresses my face, and I struggle to open my eyes...

Main Character: Rafayel...

Golden symbols pulsate with immense power. They surge into Rafayel's body. With his eyes tightly shut and his face pale, he collapses into my arms.

Main Character: Rafayel!

The Flammula swims past me, its tail leaving behind a trail of bubbles. My gaze follows it to the crevice found on the fjord's cliff.

As a shield of golden light blocks the turbulent seawater around us, I tightly hold onto Rafayel and swim toward the crevice.

We leave the blue hole via a narrow gap in the seabed. When we resurface, we find ourselves in the ocean. There's a small island in the distance.

A nearby ship gently rocks with the waves. It looks as if it's been waiting for a long time.

Boarding the ship's hold, I look at its old mast and sails. I know this is the same ship that ran aground on the island.

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: Rafayel! Are you okay?

Rafayel: ...Yeah.

Main Character: After the Tome of the Sea God activated, what happened exactly?

Main Character: I remembered something... And when I returned to you, you were already...

Rafayel leans against the deck and sits. With his elbow bent, he props himself up.

Rafayel: I said I'll give you an answer.

Rafayel: Ugh, give me like a minute to...

Main Character: What's wrong? Did you get hurt?

[☉]: Show Concern

Rafayel: No.

[☉]: Check

Main Character: Scales? You're...

You try to soothe him with your hand, but he grabs onto your wrist instead.

Rafayel: This... couldn't be considered gentle...

Rafayel: It's getting...

Rafayel: Stay back.

The storm begins to surge around them while Rafayel's eyes begin to glow blue.

Main Character: (What's going on...?)

Main Character: !

Main Character: Rafayel?

[☉]: Struggle

But Rafayel does not release her, seemingly in a trance.

Rafayel: A follower? Or just a lowly sacrifice?

Main Character: You don't recognize me anymore...?!

[☉]: Move

Rafayel: Death... When the storm surges from the deep sea...

Main Character: Rafayel! Snap out of it!

Rafayel: The Sea God... awakens...

Rafayel: I... have no need... for traitors!

Main Character: With the authority granted to me by the ocean's covenant, I order you to...

[☉]: Snap out of it!

Finally out of his trance, Rafayel collapses atop you.

Rafayel: You...

Main Character: Do you know who I am, Rafayel?

Rafayel: Of course...

Struggling, I sit up and lean back against the cabin wall. I give Rafayel a once-over. There aren't any scales or weird things. This is the Rafayel I know.

Rafayel: Don't worry, I'm fine. Look—

He holds his hand out to me. The fragment in his palm emits a shining light that tugs at my heartstrings.

Main Character: An Aether Core fragment!

Rafayel: I think it was embedded in the tome. I was drawn to its power.

Rafayel: It seems like we both received a gift from the Tome of the Sea God.

Rafayel: But there's always a price to pay for something like that.

The waves lap gently against the hull and occasionally splash us. I wipe the seawater off my face and look at the murky ocean.

Main Character: This price you have to pay—what is it? Do you need to be a sacrifice or... the Sea God?

Rafayel: ...The Dead Deep Sea and the Sea God's power have been awakened.

Rafayel: And since I accepted its power, I must answer its call.

Rafayel: Even if certain futures have a predetermined end, I can't refuse...

The ocean pushes the old ship. Exhausted, Rafayel rests in my arms and closes his eyes.

I look down at him. My heavy heart is drenched, as if the wind and rain worked tirelessly to drown it.

Main Character: Does that apply to your future as well...?

Rafayel: ...

The sails rustle, and we're carried deeper into the darkness.

The boundless ocean is extraordinarily quiet tonight.

After returning from Jewel Reef, I submit the unknown Protocore fragment to the Association.

While waiting for the analysis results, I receive an unexpected call from the Special Operations team about a new discovery.

Main Character: I sent a package?

Andrew: Yes, you're the sender, and the mailing address says Jewel Reef. Inside it was a small device that was soaked in seawater.

The photo I get reveals a drenched, palm-sized metal disc.

Andrew: After analyzing the trace elements in the seawater it contained, we saw they were a perfect match with the ones found in Jewel Reef's blue hole.

Andrew: And upon further examination, we noticed there was a radio frequency chip capable of attuning to Metaflux fluctuations.

Main Character: It can forcefully induce energy fluctuations... I have a feeling the incident from that day wasn't a coincidence.

Andrew: The technology behind this is highly intricate, and currently, only Ever, the leading authority in Protocore Energy technology, has managed to achieve it.

Main Character: (Ever again...)

Andrew: However, it still has some limitations. For example, it can't be remotely activated. So...

Main Character: The person who activated it must've been at the banquet.

While I can acquire the guest list through the Association's intelligence network, I still choose to visit Whitesand Bay.

He's the only one who could send this item that was salvaged from the sea. He even used my name when handing it over to the Association.

For the entire morning, dark clouds cover the sky. Heavy and gray, they almost touch the waves' crests as I look at them from a large window.

The sound of a pencil against paper faintly resounds. The house's owner treats the news as nothing more than background music.

Newscaster: ...Many guests have gone missing from the island. Their current whereabouts remain unknown.

Newscaster: The venue of the banquet, Jewel Reef, has been sealed off. There will be a further investigation...

The news report doesn't have any notable details. I walk over to Rafayel and lean down to look at his sketch.

The intricate lines outline fish and clusters of coral. The shadow lurking in the cave's depths appears to be harboring secrets.

I stare at the shadow. As if compelled by an unseen force, I murmur to myself.

Main Character: They're in the blue hole...

Rafayel: It's possible.

My words don't form a coherent sentence, yet Rafayel understands and responds with a nonchalant chuckle.

Rafayel: Getting lost in the allure of treasure they yearned for half their lives—it might be a sweet dream for them.

Main Character: ...You know who those missing people are.

Rafayel: You also saw them.

Meeting his gaze, I'm silent for a moment.

Main Character: They're from Ever.

There's no doubt that they created the device to lure in Wanderers. But I don't have the chance to question the motives of those people who were involved.

Rafayel: Compared to those who willingly entered the blue hole, aren't you here for something more important?

Main Character: Of course. That package—

Rafayel: Yeaaah, I figured as much. Maybe it can bring you closer to the truth you're seeking.

Rafayel: As for the other thing... If you wanna talk about that forgotten promise, you don't need to bring it up now.

Rafayel: The weather's so bad today. And I'm not in the mood for a tragedy, you know. Why don't we talk about something cheerful instead?

Main Character: ...

Though the details of my encounter with Rafayel remain hazy, I managed to retrieve a few fragmented, vague memories.

During that year, I fell into a deep sleep for three or four days due to a high fever. When I woke up, I lost a lot of memories, and my meeting with Rafayel happened to occur before I got sick.

Rafayel sighs and puts down the paintbrush.

Rafayel: You don't think I'm avoiding this topic because I'm trying to run away from it, right?

Main Character: I just...

Rafayel: You wanna say you forgot a lot of things from your childhood because of reasons, but you're worried it'll come off as you not wanting to take responsibility.

Main Character: ...Are you sure you don't have telepathy?

Main Character: Did you actually go to the beach to wait for me?

Rafayel: Are you asking about the year after that or every year after that?

Observing my expression, Rafayel appears somewhat resigned.

Then, he suddenly pokes my forehead.

Rafayel: You don't need to feel bad about it. I'm not dumb enough to actually wait for you every year, you know.

Rafayel: Buuut I did think about how to settle the score with you.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel stands up and gently pushes me into a chair. He places my hand on his chest in a half-joking, half-serious manner.

Rafayel: The power within the Tome of the Sea God will protect everything that belongs to the sea. This includes our bond.

Rafayel: If you can't let it go, why not just order me now not to hold a grudge over what happened back then?

Looking into his eyes, I realize he's sincerely asking me to do it.

Main Character: According to the weather forecast, there will be a storm today. Everyone's been advised not to leave home unless it's absolutely necessary.

Rafayel: But you came here.

Main Character: Because I know you're waiting for me.

Rafayel breaks into a smile and takes my hand into his palm.

The heavy downpour descends, carrying with it a majestic force that seeks to wash away all remnants of the past.

The surging waves crash against the shore. Sea spray soars as if there's a fierce battle between the sky and the ocean.

But in the end, rainwater and seawater will find their way back to each other. They will return to how they were before they parted ways.