Dangerously Close (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: Honking loudly won't help you move faster. No amount of noise will make our situation any easier, in case you forgot.

Rafayel: But it helps me express what I'm feeling, you know.

Main Character: Actually, we would have made it if you stepped on the gas at the last green light.

Rafayel: Well, we should slow down at traffic lights. That's something I've known since third grade.

I gaze at the seemingly endless stretch of cars ahead of us.

Main Character: ...Hah. We should have just ridden bikes.

Main Character: An exhibition jointly held by Rafayel the renowned artist and a world-famous perfume brand... Would the reporters bully you for your attitude if you show up late?

Rafayel: Not for being late, no, but if we were to arrive on bicycles, they'd have a field day.

Main Character: Say, you've been keeping me in suspense. Can't you tell me why I was invited?

Rafayel: There will be many people at the exhibition. I'm gonna need a bodyguard. And after much consideration, you were my best choice.

Rafayel: Remember to stay close to me and protect me later.

Main Character: ...Right now, all I want to do is keep you at arm's length.

A Samoyed sticking its head out of the rear window of the car next to us catches my attention.

Main Character: Look, the dog is smiling at us!

A flame suddenly bursts forth from Rafayel's fingertip. The Samoyed yelps pitifully, retreating into the car.

Main Character: So you're even bullying dogs now?

Rafayel: Didn't you see it was making fun of you? There was ridicule and disgust in its eyes. I just helped preserve your dignity.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: If we keep going at this speed, we'll be lucky to get there by sunset.

Rafayel: VIPs are known for arriving fashionably late. Even if we're the last to arrive, all eyes will still be on us.

Main Character: ...Then stop honking!

Rafayel and I eventually make it to the exhibition before it starts.

I'm almost blinded by the camera lights the moment I step out of the car. It was impossible to keep my eyes open.

Main Character: They're taking photos of you. Can you at least have some kind of reaction?

Rafayel: Why should I smile at them? These reporters are nowhere near as cute as that samoyed we just saw.

Main Character: I didn't expect there to be so many people...

Rafayel and I talk as we walk around the exhibition.

Guest A: Look at these unrestrained lines, and the chaotic, yet sharp brushwork! Rafayel has done it again! His works always speak to the very core of my being!

Guest B: The design of this bottle's packaging uses such bold colors and has such a unique flair! And what's even rarer is that it embodies the artist's exploration of the id and the ego...

Main Character: Did they get it right?

Rafayel: If you look up "Rafayel's latest work" on your phone, you'll see the exact same rating on the first page.

Main Character: And here I thought that at such a grand event, you would meet a soulmate or two.

Rafayel: I don't paint for others to understand.

Main Character: But to some extent, I do understand the praise they're giving you.

Main Character: After all, you artists have a certain magnetism. You're able to create links between completely unrelated things. Even I feel these paintings and perfumes complement each other.

Rafayel: You're wrong. These "completely unrelated things" are actually related.

Rafayel: For instance, scents and pictures help us retain that which we cannot constantly have with us.

Main Character: Now that you mention it... I think I understand now.

I take a blue perfume bottle from the stand and spritz some on to try it out.

Main Character: So this beautiful bottle holds... the smell of the sea breeze!

Rafayel: Incorrect. It doesn't "hold." It "captures."

Main Character: Is there a difference?

Rafayel: Smells fade and pigments oxidize, so it's only possible to capture a specific instance.

Main Character: When you put it that way, it sounds kinda sad. Beautiful things last for only a moment...

Rafayel's words give me pause. I even feel a tinge of melancholy for some reason.

Main Character: But what do you consider "that which you cannot constantly have with you"?

Rafayel: Uh...

Main Character: Is it hard to put it into words?

Rafayel: No, it's just if you keep asking, I won't know what else to make up.

I didn't notice when Rafayel suddenly "disappeared" from the bustling exhibition.

Main Character: Excuse me, coming through...

Main Character: Rafayel.

Main Character: Ra—fa—yel!

I stick my neck out and survey the area, finally finding him in an unremarkable corner of the building.

Main Character: You were so hard to find! Why did you move to this corner?

Rafayel: Shhh! If those weirdos hear me, they'll rant about art and the meaning of life.

Rafayel: I'm tired. I just want to be alone for a while.

Main Character: When I saw you joking around with the CEO of that perfume brand, I thought you were really enjoying yourself.

Rafayel: There's a difference between excelling at something and enjoying it. I shouldn't have given in to Thomas's request in a moment of weakness...

Rafayel: Main Character, if you don't help me find a way to leave this place, I'm going to grow mushrooms out of my head!

Main Character: You were invited, so it would be kind of rude to just leave.

Suddenly, I had an idea.

Main Character: How about I pretend to be drunk and you leave on the pretext of sending me home? We did arrive here together after all.

Rafayel: How are you going to act?

I take a glass of champagne from the table beside me.

Main Character: I might as well drink two glasses to get into character.

Rafayel: You're really planning to get yourself drunk? ...How's your alcohol tolerance? You won't get drunk with just two glasses, will you?

Main Character: Don't underestimate me.

After downing the alcohol, I look at Rafayel smugly.

Main Character: Do I look drunk now?

Rafayel: Your face isn't red enough. I'd suggest slapping yourself hard to make it redder.

Main Character: ...If you try to annoy me, I'll walk out on my own.

Rafayel: Hmm... Well if that's the case, I'll have to rely on my wits then.

Rafayel: I'll tell the organizers that my "girlfriend" angrily stormed out and I have to win back her heart.

Rafayel seems certain he has a good idea and prepares to leave.

Main Character: You—hey, wait! Rafayel, don't you dare spread rumors!

Rafayel: ...!

In the heat of the moment, I grab his tie.

Rafayel doesn't seem to react and uses the opportunity to lean in closer.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: What do you wanna whisper into my ear?

Main Character: You, you're... Why are you suddenly so close?

Rafayel: You're the one who grabbed my tie. How am I supposed to keep my distance?

Main Character: Well... There's something on your face. I just wanted to let you know.

Rafayel: Okay, but the lights are so dim here. How can you see it?

Not knowing how to respond, I step back.

Rafayel: If you take another step back, you're going to knock into the perfume bottle.

Main Character: ...Well, excuse me for trying to help. If you want to go, then go!

I angrily let go of his tie in embarrassment.

Rafayel: Your acting is really bad. It's obvious you're pretending, but...

Rafayel: A shade darker than tangerine, lighter than burgundy... That should do it.

Main Character: What are you talking about...?

Rafayel: Ugh. Someone's coming. Hurry, give me an unfocused look. Stand still, and don't move unless you have to.

Waiter: Rafayel, sir, you're here! The guests over there would like to invite you...

Rafayel: Apologies, my companion here is drunk. I have to send her home. I won't be able to stay.

Waiter: But—

Rafayel: Excuse me.

Main Character: (What wits? He's just rushing to the exit!)

Rafayel and I stand in front of his sports car as the cold wind howls. His car's front tire has been punctured.

Rafayel: Why are people so jealous of someone else's success? They even punctured my tire!

Rafayel: Fewer people want to be nice and instead do the most despicable things. Remorse doesn't exist anymore I guess.

Main Character: ...Yes, thank you very much. The owner will drop by tomorrow to pick up the car.

Rafayel: Main Character, did you not hear me at all?

Main Character: There's still congestion downtown and we won't be able to get a cab for the next hour or so. How do you plan on getting home?

Rafayel: Find a river and swim.

Main Character: How about humbling yourself and riding a public bike with me? It's not too far.

Rafayel: I don't know how to ride a bike.

Rafayel: Hold on, you didn't ask me that on purpose so you could take off on your own, right?

Main Character: Hmph, as if I was that mean. I'll ride and you sit behind me. How does that sound?

Rafayel: Okay.

Main Character: You were very quick to agree...

I find an empty bicycle and bring it over to Rafayel.

Main Character: Get on. There isn't much space, but you'll have to deal with it.

Rafayel: Umm, the road can get pretty bumpy. Just to prevent accidents from happening, could I...

Main Character: No.

Rafayel: I haven't even finished speaking.

Main Character: Your hands stay on the back seat! Don't even think about putting them anywhere else!

Rafayel: Fine, I was actually going to ask if I could leave my phone with you for safekeeping.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: No means no. Sit tight, we're moving.

There is a gentle evening breeze as we travel along the tree-lined bicycle lane, and Rafayel starts to hum a tune behind me.

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: I sometimes feel that your songs are as evocative as your paintings.

Rafayel: Now that's something I like to hear. I'll appoint you as my soulmate for now.

Main Character: I would feel bad accepting the title as I was about to add a "but."

Rafayel: The stuff that comes after "but" is usually negative. It's better not to say it.

Rafayel's words ignite a spark of rebelliousness in me.

Main Character: I refuse. To me, it seems like you think people don't genuinely appreciate your art. What happened today is a prime example.

Rafayel: Those people believe art will make them look more sophisticated and improve their reputation.

Main Character: But there are some who buy your works because they really admire you.

Rafayel: You don't need to know the name of a hen to enjoy her eggs. Isn't it better that we all maintain our distance while admiring each other?

Main Character: I never thought you like to be low-key.

His words suddenly reminded me of the blue perfume bottle.

Main Character: By the way, the perfume you wore today smells like the sea breeze. I kinda like it.

Rafayel: You really do have good taste. It's one of my favorite scents.

Main Character: I can't afford your paintings, but I can afford a bottle of perfume. That's my way of supporting you. Indirectly though.

Rafayel: What's so nice about artificial scents? I'll take you to the beach next time so you can appreciate what the tide really smells like.

As soon as he finishes talking, the tire hits something and we speed up uncontrollably.

Main Character: Crap, it's a downhill slope!

Rafayel: It's steep! Use the pedal brakes!

Main Character: I did! They're not working!

Rafayel: ...I told you four wheels are better than two!

Main Character: Does it matter how many wheels there are?! We can't slow down!

Main Character: Ahhh!

Rafayel: Aaaahhh!

Rafayel and I tumble unglamorously onto the grassy field at the foot of the slope.

Rafayel: Ouch...

Main Character: Rafayel, what's wrong?!

Rafayel: I never thought I'd one day be in a traffic accident...

Main Character: Thank you for protecting me with your arm. Actually, I'm used to falling. It happens when I'm out on missions... Fortunately, we landed in a field.

Rafayel: You're welcome. It's the job of every citizen to protect idiots.

Rafayel: I just didn't expect you to have a thick skull.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: I'm so sorry. Does your arm hurt? Can you still hold a paintbrush?

Rafayel picks himself up and dusts off the grass from his knees.

Rafayel: It hurts. I can't hold a brush straight, but I can still grab you.

He pretends to rub his wrist and suddenly extends his hand out toward me.

Main Character: ...Thanks.

Rafayel: Uh, do you think....

Rafayel: Maybe we can walk the rest of the way home together. How does that sound?