Daybreak's Touch (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Rafayel: Who is it...

Rafayel: Don't worry about cleaning up the room...

Rafayel: I don't need my laundry done either...

Rafayel: I should've said I didn't need anything for the next few—

Rafayel: …When you said you'd be here for a mission, you weren't talking about Wanderers, huh.

Barefoot, Rafayel appears behind the door. His shirt is unbuttoned.

Main Character: Do you... always open the door for people like this?

Rafayel: Hah? Aren't I dressed properly?

I take a deep breath and quickly button his shirt to cover his exposed chest and abs. Then, I push him.

Main Character: Your. Appearance. Matters!

Rafayel: Fancy breakfast you got there. Is it for me?

I shake the paper bag in my hand, the aroma of food wafting in the air.

Main Character: Sorry, it's mine. Don't you usually forget to eat whenever you're doing art stuff?

Rafayel: Yeaaah, so it's gonna be my first meal in two days. You'll share it, right?

Main Character: Your room didn't get ransacked by thieves, did it?

The room is in utter disarray. Sheets of paper are scattered around. I can't really find a place to walk.

It's a scene I'm all too familiar with. Same mess, different place.

Rafayel: If stealing inspiration counts, then there really was a thief.

Main Character: When I visited the museum a few days ago, I thought someone mentioned creating a masterpiece perfectly aligned with...

Rafayel: Even the finest of wines needs time to age.

Rafayel sits cross-legged on the carpet, unceremoniously taking my paper bag.

Rafayel: Don't worry, things are going pretty well. I'm 1% away from being done, but I need a watershed moment.

Main Character: What watershed moment?

Rafayel: Depends on my luck.

Rafayel: Like a delicious croissant could be the 1% I need.

Rafayel bites into the croissant, perfectly shaped, then makes a face.

Rafayel: …Why does it taste funny?

Main Character: Ah, it's cheese and tuna flavored, a local specialty. You're lucky to have chosen it.

Rafayel throws the croissant back into the bag.

Rafayel: Okay, that's definitely not it. The croissant has no soul.

Main Character: A croissant with a soul belongs in a horror movie.

Main Character: Move your legs. I want to sit down on the sofa.

The moment I do, I feel something against my back. I pull out a half-eaten apple with blue paint smudges on it.

Main Character: Where did this come from?

Main Character: It looks like a sad apple.

Rafayel: Wrooong. It represents temptation, original sin, and wisdom. It shouldn't be eaten for now.

Main Character: ...It's an apple dedicated to art, then.

I put the sad apple into an empty fruit bowl and find a lemon behind one of the cushions.

Main Character: Your sofa seems to be growing fruits. What's this for?

Rafayel: Obviously, it represents youth, freshness, and admiration. It should be tasty.

Rafayel takes the lemon and pulls out a fruit knife to cut it.

Main Character: A croissant with lemon slices. Quite an avant-garde combo, isn't it?

Rafayel: Sometimes, it takes a little chemistry for inspiration to be born.

Rafayel: Ah…

Confident, Rafayel takes a big bite. His expression gradually becomes all scrunched up.

Main Character: Does the croissant have a soul now?

Rafayel: My soul was astonished at least.

Rafayel: Auuugh, it's too sour! Water…!

After the tumultuous chaos has passed, Rafayel lies down.

Main Character: You still alive?

Rafayel: Sorry, the soul you're calling has transcended this mortal coil.

Main Character: I can get it back for you.

Rafayel: Am I a fool? As expected, the freebie was too good to be true.

I shift my position and retrieve a marker and sketchbook that were between the sofa's cushions.

Main Character: ...I wouldn't be surprised if anything could be pulled out of this sofa.

Rafayel: How exciting. It's full of surprises.

I move the pen and gesture to Rafayel who's staring at the ceiling.

Main Character: Your current pose is good.

Rafayel: Since I've paid the price with my body, my soul should naturally be cleansed with a sense of beauty.

Main Character: I still don't have the skill to see beyond appearances.

Rafayel: But your gaze is already piercing me.

Main Character: I'm reminded of our trip where we were forced to stay in the same room.

An image of that morning after the storm, in a foreign country, emerges in my mind.

Main Character: It's just your pose was slightly different. You were on your side back then...

Before I can continue, Rafayel turns to look at me and points.

Rafayel: I still remember someone taking advantage of me. Twice. And not taking responsibility for it.

Bright sunlight dances on his hair, and my memories become more vivid.

Main Character: Well, someone is being unreasonable and isn't dressed properly!

I say in a loud voice.

Rafayel: A loud voice often suggests guilt, you know.

Main Character: Says who?

Rafayel: Deflecting won't make it less true.

Rafayel tries to sit up, but I immediately push him back down.

Main Character: Don't move. I have yet to complete my artistic observations.

Rafayel: Who's being unreasonable again?

Main Character: The one who buys breakfast gets to be in charge. You have no say in the matter.

I press the pen cap against his forehead before pretending to trace the contours of his face.

Rafayel: Hey... That tickles. Where did you learn to draw like that?

Main Character: We've known each other long enough. I must've picked up a thing or two.

Rafayel: I haven't used any risqué drawing techniques, though. Or have I?

Main Character: Hold that pose. Yes, very good.

I flip to a blank page in the sketchbook and start drawing.

Rafayel: My hand is getting tired. Can I take a break?

Main Character: This is a small price to pay for art. Please bear with it for just a little longer.

Rafayel: It's really hot in this room. Can we turn on the AC?

Main Character: "Any changes in humidity or temperature can affect the final product." You've said those words before.

Rafayel: ...Fiiine, I'll deal with it.

Rafayel places his hand on the open collar of his shirt.

Main Character: Can you please... Never mind, it's more captivating half-covered.

Rafayel: You're right.

Main Character: But why do you have grapes on your bed?

Rafayel: These aren't normal grapes.

Main Character: Yes, they symbolize nobility and romance.

Rafayel: In Greek mythology, grapes were considered a divine gift from Zeus. They represent joy, wine, and abundance.

Rafayel: It aligns with my current mood.

Rafayel smiles, the soft morning light washing over him. He reminds me of something you'd actually see in an ancient Greek painting.

Rafayel: Ma petite artiste, you're blushing.

Main Character: You're imagining things.

Rafayel: Probably because it's really hot in this room.

The warmth reaches my ears, and I can feel my face becoming even redder.

Main Character: ...Hold still. I'm not done yet!

Rafayel: Being your model is sooo hard. I think I overestimated myself.

Main Character: Your face looks really good.

Main Character: Yes, perfect. Just like that.

Rafayel seems to soak in my praise, his eyes sparkling.

Rafayel: Done? Let me see.

Brimming with anticipation, he takes the sketchbook from my hands.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: I'm gonna guess that I'm in the center of this drawing?

Main Character: Yeah.

Rafayel: So what's the thing resembling "me"?

Main Character: The grapes! You know, the whole idea of perspective where if it's closer, it's bigger?

Rafayel: Hmm... I'll say it's a combo of linearism and cubism.

Main Character: Is that even a thing?

Rafayel: As the founder of this art movement, you can do the honors of naming it.

Rafayel: Your potential is wasted as my bodyguard. You should switch careers.

Main Character: To what?

Rafayel: I think you'd be a natural at sales. You'll drive people crazy with your compliments.

Knowing what he's trying to say, I awkwardly clear my throat.

Main Character: I can do more practice sketches to draw you even better.

Rafayel: Naaah.

Rafayel: Let's push the final product aside for now.

Main Character: ...Or we just don't do that.

Rafayel: All right. Your drawing technique and final product are innovative. Definitely worth studying and exploring.

He takes the pen from my hand and copies what I did earlier, gently touching my forehead with the cap.

Rafayel: Maybe the missing 1% I've been looking for is right here.