Nightly Stroll (Rafayel Bond)
(Interaction: Open the door)

Main Character: Rafayel! Oh, sorry I'm late.

(Direction: Approach Rafayel)

Main Character: What happened? Are you all right?

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: Rafayel?

(Action: Poke Rafayel on the shoulder)

Rafayel: Who are you?

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: What?!

Rafayel: You are...?

Rafayel: Hmm... You do seem a bit familiar. Have we met before?

Rafayel: It's been a while. I can't remember...

Main Character: Rafayel, what are you talking about?

Main Character: You don't remember me...

Rafayel: Did you want me to remember you? Let's talk then.

Rafayel: I mean, after all, why else would you be here so late at night?

Main Character: Didn't you call me to come visit you because you're injured?

Rafayel: Oh really? When did I call you?

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: This morning...

Rafayel: This morning, huh...

Rafayel: So you do remember!

Rafayel: Do you know what time it is?

Rafayel: It's been 800 years.

Rafayel: Jellyfishes are walkin' naked.

Rafayel: Sea turtles climb trees,

Rafayel: sharks are eatin' grass for free.

Rafayel: And finally,

Rafayel: finally you remembered me.

Rafayel: Any later,

Rafayel: and I would've been discharged from the hospital already!

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: You... I...

Main Character: An emergency mission came up!

Rafayel: Another mission...

Rafayel: Ah, I see! So I should assign you a mission next time I wanna see you.

Rafayel: Didn't show up,

Rafayel: didn't answer your phone.

Rafayel: I thought you were in trouble...

Rafayel: Sit down already! Stop looking like I'm picking on you or something.

(Action: Sit down)

Main Character: You haven't answered my first question. Why are you in the hospital?

Rafayel: Uh...

Rafayel: Because I'm injured, of course!

Rafayel: I'm gravely ill.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: (He looks super energetic though...)

Main Character: Right, I brought you some fruit.

Rafayel: Awww,

Rafayel: that's so sweet of you. I mean...

Rafayel: ...Is that all you have? An apple?

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: It's already late, and there was only one fruit stall still open. This is the last apple...

Rafayel: ...Fine,

Rafayel: I've been craving an apple all day.

Rafayel: You know me so well.

Rafayel: Knife's over there. Feed me.

(Direction: Feed Rafayel)

Main Character: Is it good?

Rafayel: If it's from you, yeah.

Main Character: Where exactly are you hurt again?

Rafayel: My leg.

Rafayel: It's in a cast.

(Direction: Feed Rafayel)

Main Character: Is it that bad? What did you do?

Rafayel: ...Well,

Rafayel: some kid was crossing the road without looking, so I pushed him out of the way.

Rafayel: In the end, I fell and broke a bone.

(Direction: Feed Rafayel)

Main Character: So... will you have to stay here for a while then?

Rafayel: Don't tell anyone else. Those tabloids are gonna praise me nonstop again if they find out.

Rafayel: I prefer to keep a low profile.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: Really? Is that so...?

Rafayel: On my honor.

Rafayel: Broken bones take time to heal,

Rafayel: and even eating an apple takes effort.

Rafayel: Maybe you can smuggle me out of here?

Rafayel: The nurses are so mean. I can't even leave this room.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: Um, how am I supposed to smuggle someone out of a hospital?

Nurse: Visiting time is up. Please leave.

Main Character: Oh, okay.

Rafayel: Why didn't you knock? This is my private room.

Rafayel: Ignore her. I'm the patient so what I say goes.

Nurse: Patient, huh?

Nurse: Mr. Rafayel, you told me that you came out of the bathtub, stepped on a paintbrush, and twisted your ankle. What made you check yourself into the hospital?

Nurse: Rich people have weird hobbies.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: That's...

Rafayel: That's nonsense.

Rafayel: You don't believe her, do you?

Rafayel: I don't wanna hear a word about this. I don't even wanna hear you speak.

(Interaction: Talk)

Rafayel: Don't say it. Hold it in. Aaand swallow.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: So that's how you got hurt!

Main Character: Your home must be quite a mess!

Rafayel: What's wrong with being messy?

Rafayel: It's a known fact that

Rafayel: only idiots put things in the correct spot.

Rafayel: On the other hand, chaos is a mark of intelligence.

Nurse: Time's up!

Rafayel: Ah... It's so noisy...

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: Take your cast off and get some rest. I'm going to head home worry-free.

Rafayel: Visits are half an hour and you leave after only a few minutes?

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: You're doing just fine. I have work in the morning.

Rafayel: Wait for me.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: Huh?

Rafayel: Let's go. What are we waiting for?

Rafayel: Can't I be around you a while longer?

(Action: Take Rafayel's hand)

Main Character: All right.

Rafayel: Walking with you in a moonlit garden is a wonderful experience. Fun, even.

Main Character: We've only taken a few steps outside...

Rafayel: Doesn't matter. My ankle's twisted, so I'm moving slowly. No rush.

Main Character: I see you're still in a good mood...

Rafayel: Hush, don't talk.

Rafayel: I think I hear... something screaming...

Main Character: Really? How did I not notice...

Rafayel: Sometimes, I envy you.

Rafayel: Oblivious and thick-skinned. You must be living a happy life.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: You!

Rafayel: Shush,

Rafayel: I really did hear something.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: Is there a Wanderer in the hospital?

Rafayel: Yeah,

Rafayel: a Wanderer.

Rafayel: It could be that.

Rafayel: Looks like it came from over there.

Rafayel: Come on,

Rafayel: why don't we check it out?

(Action: Take Rafayel's hand)

Main Character: The way I see it, you just don't want to go back to your room...

Rafayel: Yep, the sound came from over here.

Rafayel: This pool changes out its water every night, so it's pretty clean. The fish are...

Rafayel: Super fat. Maybe the cafeteria keeps them for food...

(Direction: Look to the left)

(Direction: Look to the right)

Main Character: Look! A fish is stuck over there.

Main Character: Oh, the noise was just a clogged pipe...

Rafayel: Tail's caught.

Main Character: Got it!

Rafayel: Your willingness to rescue strays? It's very worrisome.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: What's so worrying about it?

Rafayel: One can never know what an innocent act of kindness

Rafayel: means to someone.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: What do you mean...

Rafayel: Since you have

Rafayel: a naive perspective on life,

Rafayel: allow me to tell you a story.

Rafayel: Listen closely.

Rafayel: Then decide whether or not to spread kindness wherever you go.

Rafayel: A long, long time ago, I... I mean a friend of mine.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: You have friends?

Rafayel: Why wouldn't I?

Rafayel: Don't interrupt me again.

Rafayel: This friend of mine...

Rafayel: Lives in the deep sea.

Rafayel: And down there...

Rafayel: there isn't very much,

Rafayel: you know.

Rafayel: Even the fish are ugly.

Rafayel: After a while,

Rafayel: he wanted to go to the surface and look around.

Rafayel: One day,

Rafayel: he did just that.

Rafayel: But then,

Rafayel: he found the surface to be as equally boring as the sea,

Rafayel: so he went back home.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: I'm feeling a little bored myself...

Rafayel: A little patience, please? I'm not even at the good part yet.

Rafayel: So, anyway,

Rafayel: on the way back,

Rafayel: he got stranded on a beach.

Main Character: Stranded?

Rafayel: Just like the fish from earlier.

Rafayel: No way out,

Rafayel: no hope,

Rafayel: and waiting to die.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: And then?

Rafayel: He met someone who did things without asking, like you,

Rafayel: and she rescued him.

Rafayel: Of course,

Rafayel: the only reason she rescued him

Rafayel: was because of his dashingly good looks.

Rafayel: Hmm, he was still very handsome, even when he was half dead.

Rafayel: Unwittingly, the girl was drawn to him.

Rafayel: Actually, we can say his otherworldly charm did him a few favors.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: But your friend was rescued. Isn't that a good thing?

Rafayel: ...Rescued?

Rafayel: It was the beginning of a tragedy.

Rafayel: After that,

Rafayel: the girl forgot all about him

Rafayel: in the blink of an eye.

Rafayel: What a fish brain...

Rafayel: But for him,

Rafayel: from that moment forward,

Rafayel: the deep sea became a prison.

Because...?

Main Character: Because he fell in love with the girl who saved him?

Rafayel: Love?

Rafayel: Yeah,

Rafayel: love.

Rafayel: Now do you understand how dangerous the world is?

Main Character: This friend is you, isn't it?

Rafayel: Well, what if it is me?

Rafayel: I waited for her for a long,

Rafayel: long time,

Rafayel: and she never appeared again.

Rafayel: And like I said, I hate waiting. You made me wait an entire day.

Main Character: Oh, I'm sorry...

Rafayel: An apology?

Rafayel: Promise me that you won't make me wait for you again.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: But for me, work always comes first.

Rafayel: ...I'm not asking you to show up on the dot.

Rafayel: Just, wherever you are, whatever you get into, you tell me as soon as you can.

Rafayel: Don't just disappear ever again, okay?

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: All right... I understand.

Rafayel: Swear it.

(Interaction: Talk)

Main Character: I swear it.

Rafayel: No,

Rafayel: your human vows are never reliable.

Rafayel: We do it my way.

Rafayel: Close your eyes,

Rafayel: repeat after me.

Rafayel: "I will never make Rafayel wait for me."

Main Character: I...

Main Character: I will never make Rafayel wait for me.

Rafayel: Good.

Main Character: Where did the fish come from?

Rafayel: This is a ceremonial vow of my people. Fish are the emissaries of the ocean.

Rafayel: If the vow has the blessing of the ocean, then a fish will appear between our palms.

Rafayel: Don't forget what you said today.

Nurse: Aha. Found you!

Nurse: How romantic, sneaking out with a twisted ankle for a date.

Nurse: Mr. Rafayel, you're such a Romeo.

Rafayel: Come ooon, I'm just trying to escort her home...

Nurse: Yes, I'm sure you are.

Rafayel: It's getting late.

Rafayel: You should probably head back.

Rafayel: I get out in two days. Pick me up.

Rafayel: And remember, don't be late again!!

Main Character: Got it.

Rafayel: Also... stop disappearing on me.

Rafayel: Because... I don't wanna feel anxious and frustrated again.