Flowery Words (Rafayel Tender Moment)
After being out on an emergency support mission for two weeks, my colleagues and I were heading back to Linkon City.

Tara: Don't be so sad. If you hadn't come to the base's aid so quickly, we'd all be stuck in the wilderness right now.

Main Character: Darn it. I should've gone with you to defuse the Protocore explosive.

Tara: You were injured! Jenna wouldn't deploy someone who's injured to the battlefield.

To express their gratitude, the flower shop by the road is giving out flowers to hunters who completed their missions.

Tara: I'm leaving. You should go home and get some rest, too!

Fruit Shop Owner: The Wanderer attack this time was so sudden. Thank you so much for your help. These flowers are a token of gratitude from our shop.

Main Character: ...Thank you. But I didn't do a whole lot, really. Give them to someone else.

I turn on my Hunter's Watch to take care of a few tasks.

Rafayel: Working overtime right after a rescue mission. Linkon City couldn't be without you even for a second.

Main Character: Rafayel?!

Rafayel appears beside me, frowning as he looks at me from head to toe. I subconsciously hide my injured arm behind my back.

Main Character: ...Find anything?

Rafayel: I thought you'd be exhausted after two weeks of fighting Wanderers.

Rafayel: Didn't expect you to be happily carrying other people's luggage.

Main Character: I'm fine. I was just helping everyone out.

Rafayel: Fine?

I continue to hide my arm.

Main Character: Um, were you at the airport earlier? Was it to see me?

Rafayel: I went to see the planes, not you.

Rafayel grabs my wrist.

Rafayel: Let's go home.

As soon as we're home, Rafayel pulls me into his room.

Main Character: Rafayel...

Rafayel gently pushes me onto the bed. The curtains filter the sunlight, dyeing the room blue.

Rafayel: Lie down.

Main Character: Wait—

As I try to sit up, Rafayel pushes me back down.

Rafayel: Where do you think you're going?

Main Character: ...It's too dark. I want to open the curtains.

Rafayel: No.

Rafayel's displeased expression seems more apparent in front of me.

Rafayel: It's bad enough that you went on a dangerous mission without telling me...

Rafayel: But you didn't even respond to my messages when you got back.

Main Character: You messaged me? I didn't see...

Rafayel: Of course you didn't. You only think about your missions.

He leans down, the tip of his nose now mere centimeters from mine. I hold my breath.

Main Character: You're too close...

Rafayel: Then why don't you push me away?

Rafayel: Or...

He gently touches my arm, and I feel a sharp, tingling sensation.

Main Character: Ouch...

Rafayel: Did your injury make you weaker?

Main Character: No.

Rafayel: Right, you helped others carry their luggage so effortlessly. You didn't look like you were in pain.

Rafayel: But are you gonna keep pretending even when I'm here?

Seeing Rafayel's cold expression, I quickly concede.

Main Character: ...It hurts. It really does.

Rafayel: ...

The light outlines Rafayel's figure as he places his arms next to me. I tug at his clothes.

Main Character: Rafayel...

Rafayel: ...I don't want an apology.

After a moment, Rafayel gets up.

Rafayel: Let go. You shouldn't use too much of your strength.

Main Character: ...I'm fine. It's just a minor injury.

Rafayel takes my hand and rolls up my sleeve.

Rafayel: Yeah. A. Minor. Injury.

After peeling off the bandages from my hand, Rafayel takes out a first aid kit, holds up a cotton swab, and gently applies medicine to my wound.

Rafayel: Do you usually hastily bandage your wounds?

Main Character: There wasn't any time! You have no idea how crazy the Wanderers were.

Main Character: You can wrap it more tightly. I'll be fine. Otherwise, the bandage will become loose.

Rafayel: ...I still think you're crazier.

Rafayel ties the bandage into a pretty bow.

Main Character: When did you get such a fancy first-aid kit?

Rafayel: Weren't you so tired to the point where you couldn't read my texts?

He tucks me in.

Rafayel: It's time for bed.

Main Character: Wanderers ambushed me. I could have—

Rafayel: Could have what?

Rafayel moves closer. I quickly shut my eyes and pull the blanket over my head.

Main Character: Don't worry about it! Good night!

Rafayel: You suck at lying. Want some advice?

Rafayel: When you wanted to hide things from me earlier, the first thing you should have done is keep your eyes from shifting as you talked.

Rafayel: Buuut that probably wouldn't have changed anything.

Rafayel: Your ears were bright red.

I sleep like a log. And when I wake up, it's already afternoon.

Main Character: Where's Rafayel...

A delicious aroma permeates. I follow it and walk to the kitchen door.

Rafayel: Her ears were even redder than you.

Main Character: (Huh?)

Rafayel: ...I finally found the culprit who prevented me from painting in peace for two weeks.

Rafayel stands in front of the stove with his head lowered.

Rafayel: I mean, there must have been other lobsters who slowed you down.

Main Character: (What is he doing?)

Rafayel stares at the boiled red lobster in the pot and pokes it with a spatula.

Rafayel: Let me guess. Did you get caught because you kept staring at another lobster in the sea?

Rafayel: If that lobster would usually circle around you, but then suddenly swims off to a deep trench...

Rafayel: Wouldn't you get worried?

Rafayel: Silence has the same meaning as "yes."

Rafayel: Now let's say you wanna pick her up, but she keeps ignoring you. All sorts of crazy thoughts will pop into your head, right?

Rafayel: Again, your silence means you agree with me.

Rafayel: If that lobster came back with injured pincers and kept it a secret from you, wouldn't you be mad?

Rafayel: You should catch that naughty lobster so she won't run around before she recovers.

Rafayel pokes at the cracked shell of the lobster.

Rafayel: ...See, even you agree. How could she be so oblivious?

Main Character: Cough, cough.

Rafayel stops what he's doing. He turns around.

Rafayel: You're awake?

Main Character: Poor thing. Not only did it become dinner, but it also has to suffer through your ridiculous rant.

Rafayel: I was speaking out on his behalf and helping him seek justice.

A lavish seafood feast is beautifully arranged on the dining table. The care and effort put into preparing it is obvious.

Rafayel: Since you worried me sick by hiding your "minor injury" with your dishonesty...

Rafayel: I'm eating all of this.

Rafayel: And that...

Rafayel points to a pot of steaming vegetable porridge.

Rafayel: Is for you.

Main Character: There's so much seafood... Won't your efforts go to waste?

Rafayel: There's always next time. Someone who's injured should stop trying to act tough.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: Rafayel, I'm not trying to act tough. I just...

I tug on Rafayel's sleeve as he gets me a bowl of porridge.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: I know. You don't want to be a burden.

Rafayel: You're afraid you'll drag everyone down. You don't wanna be dead weight.

Rafayel: So you're too embarrassed to let others take care of you. You think you can handle any problem by being a "big girl."

Main Character: ...Why does that sound even more harsh when you say it?

Rafayel: It's okay to be weak.

Main Character: Rafayel?

Rafayel: MC, you're a hunter, not a superhero.

He takes out a pen from his pocket and holds my hand.

Rafayel: I hope you can be vulnerable every once in a while and accept the care of a Linkon citizen like me.

Main Character: You...

Chewing on the pen cap, Rafayel draws a mighty lobster on my bandages with just a few strokes.

Rafayel: Help me guard this person. If she tries to act tough again before she recovers...

Rafayel: I won't even put veggies in her porridge next time.

After resting for the whole weekend, I return to the Association.

A busy day of rescuing comes to an end. It's already nighttime before I realize it. I take out my phone and text Rafayel.

Main Character: "The Wanderers we encountered were smart. But there's not a single wound on me. Promise! I'm on my way to get something to eat."

Main Character: He's probably painting at this hour.

I walk out of the building and pass by the flower shop next to the Association.

Main Character: That's...

Fruit Shop Owner: I'm terrified from just watching Wanderer attacks on the news. Deepspace Hunters really have a tough job.

Rafayel: I agree. It's tough.

Fruit Shop Owner: A lot of Deepspace Hunters are young ladies. If they get injured on a mission, their families must be worried sick.

Rafayel: I know, right?

Rafayel: But I know a hunter who is extremely brave and reliable. She can even catch a lobster with her bare hands while surfing.

Main Character: Rafayel! I heard you and the florist complimenting me.

Seated with a bouquet of roses in hand, Rafayel turns to look at me, his shoulder basking in the glow of the gentle sunset.

Rafayel: You got off work on time.

Main Character: Are you here to pick me up? Did you see the message I sent?

Rafayel: Yeah. "There's not a single wound on me. Promise!"

Rafayel tilts his head to one side as he speaks.

Rafayel: So why don'tcha explain the bruise on your leg?

Main Character: Ouch... I bumped into something while chasing Wanderers.

Rafayel: What about the scratches on your fingers?

Main Character: I scraped them when I was loading my gun...

Rafayel: You didn't sprain your ankle while running, too, did you? Did the sand get in your eyes during the battle?

Main Character: They're not serious! Some people just love to exaggerate.

Rafayel: Well, that's because someone loves to act tough.

I take a deep breath and pretend to be sad.

Main Character: It hurts. It hurts so much, waaah... Rafayel, I can't take it anymore...

Stifling his laughter, Rafayel brings the bouquet before my eyes.

Rafayel: I'll make you feel better with flowers and another seafood feast. Well?

Main Character: Hmph... There must be a catch.

Rafayel: No, but now that you mention it...

Rafayel: You're allowed to get injured, but you're not allowed to hide it from me. Also...

Rafayel: When you go out, you have to return to me. Safe and sound.