Fragrant Dream (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: What could Rafayel have possibly sent over at this hour…

Rafayel: Did you get the gift? It’s an exclusive perfume from that collaboration series we talked about, the one that’s not available to the general public. Take it as a token of my gratitude for being my plus one.

I plop onto the bed and open the carefully wrapped gift box.

A bottle of dark blue perfume sits quietly in the box, its name inscribed on a small silver-plated card.

Main Character: Enchanted Sea At Night… Wasn’t this the scent from before?

My mind can’t help but drift back to that morning when an intoxicating scent permeated the air and lingered between us.

Main Character: …It can’t be. I remember they threw away the sample!

I fan my slightly heated cheeks before finally opening the perfume bottle.

Main Character: It’s a little bitter. Like fermented aquatic plants… That’s it.

I give the area near my bed a couple more spritzes, letting the scent envelop me.

Main Character: It’s easy to dream about the person who gave this to me when I received it before bed.

I set the perfume on my nightstand, my fingers brushing against the mermaid art on the bottle.

Main Character: Goodnight, Little Mermaid.

??: Your… magnificence…

??: Your Magnificence…

??: Your Magnificence!

I open my eyes, and there’s a tiny red fish perched on the tip of my nose. Seeing that I’m awake, it swishes its tail like a skirt being blown in the breeze.

Blue: Your Magnificence, you’re finally awake! We have another visitor!

Red: Quick, put on your cloak! You are, after all, the most formidable and fearsome Witch of the Deep Sea. You need to maintain that sense of mystery!

It quickly drops a black cloak on me, which covers my body from head to toe.

Main Character: Wait... Your Magnificence? Are you talking to me?

Red: Your Magnificence, don't you remember? Have you been sampling your potions before they're ready again?!

Blue: You need to stop your habit of trying your potions as you're brewing them. You're not making soup, you know.

??: Excuse me, I am Rafayel. Are you the Witch of the Abyssal Rift?

Before I can understand what's going on, someone appears from the seaweed and approaches me.

Blue: How dare you barge in like that? That's so rude!

Red: Wrong! It's Your Magnificence!

Rafayel: ... Pardon me, Your Magnificence.

The handsome, young man flashes me a warm smile. He's basking in a radiant glow. I straighten my posture as I assume my role as a witch.

Main Character: What brings you here today? Do you want something?

Rafayel: I desire a magical potion that can transform me into a human. It is to fulfill a single wish.

Red: Oh, I know! You fell in love with a princess on the surface!

Blue: Or perhaps a beautiful and kind-hearted maiden.

Red: How sad. How could you have fallen in love with a human?

Blue: They only have two legs and don't have the beautiful fins.

Red: And once you betray the sea, you'll be hit with a dreadful curse!

Blue: You'll endure immense pain, and then you'll dissolve into sea foam. Not a single scale left behind.

Red: Oh no—Don't die, Blue—

Rafayel: ...

A sudden burst of laughter interrupts Red and Blue's performance. With all eyes on him, Rafayel clears his throat.

Rafayel: ...That was great. I'm moved.

Main Character: They're not exaggerating. You must pay a very heavy price to become a human.

Rafayel: No matter the cost, I'm willing to shoulder it.

Blue: Hmph, you make it sound so easy. Do you have any idea how precious the potion is?

Red: It will take Her Magnificence to work for a hundred days and nights.

Blue: It needs a myriad of troublesome materials that you can't even begin to count—

Red: And the three most precious things from the vast Sea-

Red: A gem that forever shines like the moon, a stream that never wanes with time, a voice that sways like the tide—

Blue: Hey, dummy! Why'd you say all of it out loud?! That's the Magnificence's secret!

I sit down, massaging my temples.

Rafayel: A gem that forever shines like the moon, a stream that never wanes with time, a voice that sways like the tide...

Rafayel: I've got it. Even if I have to venture into the unreachable Abyssal Trench, I'll still get them for you.

Main Character: It's better if you don't-

He squeezes my hand and flashes a confident smile.

Rafayel: It's a deal.

Red: It's been three days already, and that Rafayel guy still hasn't come back.

Blue: It's been thirty days, actually! He must've given up by now.

Red: Maybe he's fallen in love with someone else?

Main Character: It happens. Hearts can be fickle. It's all the same whether you're in the ocean or on land.

Rafayel: My feelings will never change.

Main Character: ?!

Surprised, I watch as a weary Rafayel appears before me. He still manages to smile. However, he looks a bit pale.

Red: Did you bring all the materials?

Rafayel: Of course.

Rafayel: I removed the softest scale from my neck. Under my power, it will forever shimmer like the moon.

Rafayel: I possess a life that is everlasting, so my blood will forever flow, just like the unending sea.

Rafayel: I've captured a melody within this conch from the Far Eastern Sea. It... I believe it truly resonates like the captivating ebb and flow of the tide.

Rafayel: You were looking for all of these, right?

I'm taken aback for a moment, then manage to respond with a stiff smile.

Main Character: Yes... I'll brew the potion for you.

Main Character: When the brightest full moon appears, its radiance reaching the Abyssal Rift, the potion will be com-Oh!

Red: Ah, he died!

Blue: Nah, he's just passed out. He yanked off his most precious scale and bled a whole bottle's worth. It's no wonder he fainted!

The unconscious Rafayel crashes into me, and I'm left in a daze. I struggle to find my voice.

Main Character: Give me a fin... you two. I can't breathe!

Rafayel: ...

Red: Ah, he's awake!

Rafayel: ...Where am I?

Blue: You're at the Magnificence's residence, of course. You nearly died! It took the Magnificence several potions to bring you back.

Main Character: Red, could you gather some pearl coral for me, please?

Red: Understood. Blue, come help me.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: ...

Main Character: ... Why are you looking at me?

Feeling a persistent gaze on my back, I can't help but turn around.

Rafayel: I was thinking about how... you truly are a kind person.

Main Character: I'm a witch. We're evil and scary.

Rafayel: That's why you're a beautiful and kind-hearted witch.

Main Character: You're so naïve. It explains why you're so blinded by love to the point where you're willing to risk your life for it.

Rafayel: She's captivating, much like the sea. When she's quiet, she's like the shimmering surface of the sea. When she laughs, she's like the dancing sea spray.

Rafayel: Of course, when she's angry, she's like a storm at sea.

Envy wells up within me as Rafayel speaks fondly about his beloved.

A witch could never experience this kind of fondness or warmth...

Something flashes in my mind, but before I realize it, there's nothing but a chaotic void.

Main Character: What's that sound...?

At night, as I watched the cauldron, I accidentally dozed off. Then I'm awoken by a tune played on a flute.

Rafayel: Are you awake?

Main Character: Why are you still here?

Rafayel has recovered, yet he stubbornly refuses to leave the Abyssal Rift. Even if he disappears for a few days, he returns soon after.

Rafayel: I've noticed you've been sleeping next to the cauldron these past few days, I bet you haven't been getting much rest.

Rafayel: I'll keep watch tonight. You can sleep.

Main Character: It's fine. I have to do it myself. Once its color changes—

Rafayel: See the moment its color changes from moon-gray to lotus-blue, so you can add the blood of the Mussel Moon Eel, right?

Main Character: ...

Main Character: What kind of melody is this?

Rafayel: Do you like it?

Main Character: It's okay.

Rafayel: This is the melody my beloved adores the most. Back then, I would often play it on my flute beneath her window, serenading her to sleep.

Main Character: Which means once you're a human, you can play it again for her.

Main Character: ...What's with that look?

I've noticed he tends to stare at me for no reason in particular.

Rafayel: I can play it for her right now.

Rafayel: Still, I want to do so much more with her once I become human.

Main Character: But then you won't have as much time as you do now.

Main Character: Because of the potion, your blood and song will be a fleeting, fragile soul of a human's.

Main Character: The Sea will take everything from you, including your immortality.

Rafayel: You don't want me to die?

For a split second... an answer surges from the depths of my heart.

Main Character: ...Who knows.

Rafayel: ...

Either way, he won't give up his love for that girl.

For reasons I can't understand, my heart becomes an overturned cauldron, the boiling heat slowly cooling in a corner, forgotten, and solidifying into an unsightly stain.

As the brightest full moon of the year ascends, a sliver of radiant moonlight seeps into the almost pitch-black Abyssal Rift.

I pick out a shell and transform it into a boat. With Rafayel, I row to the center of the ocean.

Rafayel: Do you remember the last time you gazed upon the moon?

Main Character: No.

Rafayel: Next time someone asks, say you saw it with me.

Main Character: No one will ask. I'm done with these troublesome potions.

Rafayel: Have you finished making it yet?

Main Character: ...Are you that eager to see your beloved?

Rafayel: Of course.

Main Character: Be patient. We're on the last, most important step.

As the small seashell boat stops, the full moon is high in the sky. Moonlight illuminates the waves, transforming the waters into a crystalline snowfield.

I take out a seashell and extend my hand to the water's surface. Beautiful, silky moonlight fills the shell.

Main Character: Look, isn't it beautiful?

Rafayel: Yeah.

My gaze meets Rafayel's.

Rafayel: Beautiful.

Main Character: ...

Carefully, I channel the moonlight into a glass bottle. The magic potion emits a soft, white glow and slowly transforms into a radiant, crystalline liquid.

Main Character: It's done. Here you go.

Rafayel: ...If I finish this, I'll become human.

Main Character: Actually, a single drop is enough. My potions are the best.

I stare at the bottle, but I feel no satisfaction from creating something so important. I just want everything to be over.

Main Character: I'll drop you off by a beach close to a human city. Once we're there, you can drink it.

Rafayel: There's no moonlight as clear as this by the coast. This is the spot.

Rafayel takes out a seashell and pours half of the potion into it.

Rafayel: May the blessings of the Abyss be with both you and me.

The Deep Sea won't bless a love that betrays it. Only a witch would bless you.

As the full moon begins to wane, I see Rafayel's lips touch the seashell. He quickly looks elsewhere.

My thoughts flicker like the moonlight on the ocean. Suddenly, a bitter scent reminiscent of fermented aquatic plants wafts toward me.

Main Character: (This is...!)

I raise my head, and out of the corner of my eye, I spot the shimmering potion in the shell Rafayel is holding. The vapor floats toward me from the gentle sea breeze.

I think of the slightly bitter scent again, but it's too late.

Rafayel: The most potent magic potion doesn't always need to be consumed to work.

A burning sensation seeps into my chest. I swing my arm, reciting an incantation to stop the potion's effect. The seashell boat starts to rock violently because of the unstable magic.

Main Character: (Oh no!)

As I'm struck with fear from falling into the water, a pair of arms lifts me up, preventing me from sinking any deeper.

Rafayel: Don't be scared.

Rafayel's voice sounds hoarse.

Rafayel: Look around, you're actually quite familiar with this sea.

Rafayel: The first time you came here, the fish kissed your fingers. You said it tickled, didn't you?

I can only stare at him, my initial shock and fear swept away by an indescribable emotion.

Rafayel: I kissed your fingertips beneath the window after, and you just laughed, humming some random song... And you're sometimes a bit out of tune.

Rafayel: Yet, I find your voice more enchanting than any melody I've ever played.

As Rafayel speaks, memories, once faded like sea-soaked parchment, begin to resurface.

Rafayel: You've never truly belonged to the Abyssal Rift. You've just forgotten.

Rafayel gently tilts my head, his familiar smile beautiful. It makes the moonlight less lovely.

Rafayel: You should embrace the moonlight, and bask in the sun... That's when you'll truly be yourself.

Sunlight? The last time I saw that was when I was on a small boat.

I held my lover's hand, my head leaning against his shoulder. The sea breeze greeted us, and everything felt warm.

And now, he leans in gently, his forehead resting against mine.

Rafayel: When you're quiet, you're like a tranquil sea. Your laughter echoes like the sound of waves, and when you're angry, it's as if a storm is brewing.

Rafayel: You've never been a terrifying witch.

Main Character: (I'm not a witch. I'm...)

As my memories gradually return, Rafayel starts to dissipate.

Main Character: ...!

Rafayel: Humans can't stay in the sea for too long. I'll get you back to shore.

Feeling my body suddenly become light, a cloud of darkness enshrouds my eyes. I reach out, helpless and-

Main Character: Rafayel!

Rafayel: Yowch! That hurts!

Rafayel: Wake up! Hey, wake up...

I wake up and find Rafayel close to me. He grits his teeth and massages his arm before a worried expression appears on his face.

Rafayel: What's gotten into you? You were screaming in your sleep and you almost dislocated my arm with how hard you gripped it.

He moves his hand, and I blink slowly in response.

Main Character: Was it... just a dream?

Rafayel: I couldn't reach you for more than a day. I finally found the spare key to your place and rushed over. Turns out you were sleeping.

Rafayel: What did you dream about? Here, have some water first. You've been shouting so much your voice is hoarse.

I stumble as I recount my dream. As I speak, I start to feel embarrassed.

Main Character: It was a crazy dream. Almost like a fairytale, haha...

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: Rafayel?

Rafayel: It's an interesting dream. I got too invested.

Rafayel sets down the cup and reaches for the perfume on the nightstand. His fingers trace the mermaid design on the bottle.

Rafayel: What did the me in your dreams give you?

Main Character: A precious scale, fresh blood, and... well...

I remember Rafayel's voice fading to a hoarse whisper in my dream. For a moment, I'm not sure what to say.

Main Character: ...I don't know. My memory is a bit fuzzy.

Rafayel sets the bottle down before gently brushing the back of his hand against my face.

Rafayel: Perhaps you've been having these dreams because you haven't been resting

Rafayel: It's still early, do you want to sleep some more?

I look out the window. Light filters through the gap between the curtains. I'm reminded of the moonlight below the waves.

Main Character: After experiencing a nightmare, I don't feel like going back to sleep...

Rafayel lies down next to my pillow, holding my hand against his cheek.

Rafayel: Just to set your mind at ease, I won't turn into sea foam and disappear right in front of you.

I pinch Rafayel's cheek, and it feels like I'm finally regaining my sense of reality.

Main Character: Not bad. Can I pinch you like this more often?

Rafayel: ...Got big dreams, huh?

Rafayel grins. He rests his hand on mine and moves it near the pillow.

Rafayel: Sleep.

The familiar scent of aquatic plants lingers in my nostrils, gradually putting me at ease.

I close my eyes and let waves of sleep take me into another abyss of dreams.

Rafayel: Don't worry... That was surely just a dream.