Glistening Hearts (Rafayel Tender Moment)
In the early morning, I arrive quietly at Rafayel's apartment using the address Thomas gave me.

Inside the bedroom, Rafayel is sleeping quietly with faint, teal blotches under his eyes. I kneel down next to his bed and touch those marks.

Main Character: (He must've painted until dawn again...)

Rafayel suddenly grabs my hand, and he groggily opens his eyes.

Main Character: !

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: Am I dreaming...?

Main Character: ...Yes. Now go back to sleep.

Rafayel: This is a dream? Awesome.

Rafayel closes his eyes again. Just as I sigh in relief, he suddenly pulls me close, and I fall on top of him.

I immediately try to get up, but he holds me in his embrace.

Main Character: Rafayel... Let go...

Rafayel: Why? You're the uninvited guest who barged in.

Rafayel: Since it's a dream, I can do whatever I want, yeah?

These words stun me. I pause from struggling and look up to see the smile in his eyes.

Rafayel: Good morning, Miss Bodyguard.

Main Character: You were just pretending to be asleep?

Rafayel: Anyone would think they're dreaming if they opened their eyes and saw someone who should otherwise be thousands of miles away.

Rafayel: I wanna confirm if this is real or not.

Main Character: How are you going to—ah!

Rafayel: Wait.

Rafayel: Stay with me like this... For a little bit...

The consequence of sleeping in is that breakfast becomes lunch.

Main Character: It's almost noon now. You can't do this again tomorrow.

Rafayel: Do what?

I hear Rafayel's voice behind me. Blushing, I turn around and glare at him.

Rafayel: ...Smells good. What did you order?

I point at the braised ribs, steamed fish, and garlic shrimp on the table.

Main Character: Nothing much. Just some Braised Rafayel, Steamed Rafayel, and Garlic Rafayel.

Rafayel: This is quite the feast. I feel so pampered.

Rafayel: Have you expanded the scope of your duties as my bodyguard?

Main Character: Only because my boss stays up all night and doesn't eat.

Main Character: If something happens to you, I'd be out of a job. That's why I added full-scale supervision to my list of duties.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: I suddenly remember how busy I've been these past few days. My hands are too tired to even hold a spoon or fork.

Rafayel: If you wanna make sure I eat, will you do the honor...? Ah...

Main Character: ...In your dreams!

In the afternoon, I accompany Rafayel to the gallery. As he talks to the curator, I wander off to look around.

Thomas: What do you think?

Main Character: Very pretty. I can tell that the frames of each piece and lighting, as well as the decor, had a lot of thought put into them.

Thomas: Rafayel has been working on this special exhibit for half a year. Your praise means a lot to him.

Main Character: My opinion isn't that important...

Thomas: Of course it is. You're the first visitor to this exhibit, and also Rafayel's...

He pauses, catching me off guard. Someone suddenly grabs my shoulder from behind.

Rafayel: Whatcha talking about?

Main Character: Rafayel? Are you done talking to the curator?

Rafayel: Yeah, pretty much. Just some minor details left.

Main Character: I thought you'd talk for a long time, but you finished so quickly.

Rafayel: Didn't you say you'd only allow me to work two hours today?

Rafayel: Five minutes left. Pick one.

He opens his hands, revealing several, radiantly colored pebbles.

Main Character: They're very beautiful... How do I choose?

Rafayel: Trust your gut.

Main Character: This one, then.

Rafayel: Alright, this one.

Rafayel tosses the pebble I chose to the curator, then takes my hand.

Rafayel: I'm off work now. Let's go.

Main Character: Wait! You didn't tell me what that pebble is for yet.

Rafayel: It's nothing, really. It's for the pebble beach display at the center of the exhibit. Just wanted you to help me pick a color.

Main Character: At the center of the exhibit? It must be super important! Let me think it over again!

Rafayel: Naaah, I trust your gut.

After leaving the gallery, Rafayel takes me to the café across the street to relax.

Rafayel: What would you like to have? The muffins and cakes here are pretty good.

Main Character: I'll have both!

Rafayel goes to the counter to order while I sit down at a table next to the window.

I suddenly hear loud cackles, followed by mentions of Rafayel's name. I can't help but listen.

Main Character: (They're secretly photographing Rafayel... to spread fake news... and sabotage the exhibition?!)

Main Character: (These despicable paparazzi! I have to stop them...)

Rafayel: There you are.

Seeing Rafayel head in my direction, I panic a bit and rush over to stop him.

Rafayel: What's wrong?

I didn't want him to overhear their conversation, so I tell him—

Main Character: Um... I don't want cake anymore. I want ice cream!

Main Character: I saw an ice cream shop near the intersection. Can you get me some?

Rafayel: Why did you change your mind all of a sudden?

Main Character: My mood is always quick to change. Thanks...!

After I coax Rafayel to leave, I return to my seat and take out my phone again.

Main Character: Excuse me, are you guys reporters?

A Reporter: Who are you?

They stop talking and look at me warily. I hold up my phone to show that I'm recording.

Main Character: It's none of your business, but if I expose what you're doing, you'll lose your jobs.

A Reporter: ...What do you want?

Main Character: I want you to delete the photo, stay away from the exhibition, and stop writing fake news about Rafayel.

They look at each other, then stand up. Seeing how intimidating they are, I tightly clench my phone.

Main Character: I-if you do as I say, I'll delete the voice recording!

The looming shadows before me move a few steps closer. Feeling a bit scared, I hover my finger over the emergency call button—

Rafayel: (First Name), I forgot to ask you...

Reporters: ?!

Startled, I look at the window. Rafayel takes off his sunglasses and flashes me a bright, reassuring smile.

Rafayel: What flavor do you want?

Then, his gaze sweeps over the reporters. He's still smiling calmly, but his tone turns cold.

Rafayel: What a coincidence. It's Mr. Morlet from Morten Daily and Mr. Marty from Artistic Anecdotes.

Rafayel: I'm bad at remembering things. Faces are an exception, though.

Rafayel: How did my last lawsuit against you end? The judge found you guilty of... defamation or something?

Rafayel: I guess you guys also forgot. Wanna jog your memory and go through it again?

Mumbling something incomprehensible, the reporters reluctantly delete the photo and leave.

Main Character: So you already knew them... When did you get back? How much did you overhear?

Rafayel: Make a script next time you wanna trick me. That way I can pretend to fall for it.

Main Character: ...They were just paparazzi. I could've handled them myself. It's part of my job as your bodyguard.

Rafayel: I know, I know. My bodyguard is the greatest. I really don't wanna leave her for a second.

Rafayel: Come on. I paid for the ice cream already. One of each flavor.

Rafayel: We should get them before they melt.

A few days later, the art exhibit takes place as scheduled and draws international acclaim.

Rafayel and I mingle among the visitors, admiring the refurbished gallery.

Main Character: Is it really okay for you to hide in the crowd? You're the star of the show.

Rafayel: I'm not the only one who made this exhibit happen. You're one of the stars, too.

Main Character: Me?

Rafayel: That's right. Didn't you escort me all this way, make sure I ate and slept well, and help me get rid of some pesky paparazzi?

Main Character: You reminded me. Now that I don't have to worry about losing my job, can I go back to doing my normal bodyguard duties?

Rafayel: Sure, but...

Rafayel: I just came up with the perfect vacation plan. I'm having trouble implementing it without supervision, though.

Rafayel: So, wanna expand the scope of your duties a bit more and stay by my side?