Heartfelt Game (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Thomas: What? You have that card?!

Main Character: Didn't expect it, did you?

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: Double!

Rafayel: ...

On a Sunday afternoon, I go to the gallery with Rafayel as promised to bring a new painting back to the studio.

Coincidentally, Thomas is also there. I chat with him for a bit, and we hit it off pretty well because of our mutual love for Kitty Cards.

Too bad Rafayel doesn't know how to play.

Rafayel: You two are playing cards so loudly that you're disturbing the employees.

I turn to look at the gallery staff, who are packing things up.

Staff A: What do you mean? Their meows are so cute!

Staff B: Simply adorable! Go on, don't mind us!

Rafayel: ...What I mean is I'm about to start painting now. You'll disturb me like this.

Thomas: There's no place for you to paint here. A lot of things are piled up because of the renovations next door.

Rafayel: I... Can paint outside. The lighting's good there.

Thomas: It's two o'clock in the afternoon. Your canvas will be hot after sitting in the sun for a while. And you yourself might get heatstroke.

Main Character: Rafayel, are you bored?

Main Character: Do you want to play Kitty Cards with us? I'll teach you the rules. You'll get the hang of it.

Rafayel: No, I'm good. This silly game...

A kitty tries to approach Rafayel's hand on the table, but he moves his hand away at the speed of light.

Main Character: Seriously, Rafayel... You're scared of a kitty that's the size of your palm?

I pick up the Evol kitten in the cup and approach Rafayel.

Main Character: Look how cute it is. It's so small and fluffy with big sparkling eyes!

Cat: (´ Ɐ ` )♡

Rafayel instantly takes a step back.

Rafayel: P-put it down!

Main Character: ...Guess you're really afraid of cats.

Rafayel: What do you mean afraid? I'm just not interested.

Main Character: Sigh, okay.

I move the kitty away from Rafayel. The kitty in the cup rubs its head for a while, trying to accept the shocking fact that some people in this world don't think it's cute.

Cat: (>﹏<°)

Thomas: Don't mind him. If he's bored he can play with his phone... Double!

Main Character: Wow, that was quick thinking!

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel can't find a way to join the conversation, so he walks a few steps away and stands in front of the bar.

Rafayel: It's just a game, but those two are so into it.

Main Character: Only one step away from victory!

Thomas: Ahhh...

Probably because there was nothing to see at the bar, Rafayel walks back. He stands behind me and watches.

Rafayel: So all you have to do is put the card in the cup.

Main Character: It's not that simple. For example, this card of mine can-

Rafayel: No no, I'm not interested. Shush.

Main Character: Hmph!

Thomas: I already said not to mind him. He's allergic to all forms of cats.

Rafayel: Miss Bodyguard, I remember you said you'll have a day off next Wednesday. That's perfect because we have to meet up. You can pick out picture frames with me...

Main Character: I can't on Wednesday. My colleagues said we're going to Meow Meow Café together.

Rafayel: What's Meow Meow Café?

Main Character: It's the most popular Kitty Card-themed café. Only a limited number of people are allowed to enter each day!

Main Character: There, you can play different versions of Kitty Cards, drink freshly ground coffee, play with cute kitties, and get special stickers...

Main Character: In other words, it's a paradise!

Rafayel: You should rethink your definition of the word "paradise." Otherwise, we won't end up in the same one.

Main Character: Uhhh...

Rafayel: Is this really something you need to think about?

Main Character: Not really. It's just that I got an interesting card...

Rafayel: ...

From the corner of my eye, I catch a glimpse of Rafayel's brow furrowing. I quickly try to make up for it.

Main Character: While I can't make it next Wednesday, I'm free next Saturday. I'll spend the next Saturday with you?

Staff A: Thomas, we've finished packing. Can you take a look if this is all right?

Thomas tries to stand up, but Rafayel pushes him down.

Rafayel: I'll do it. You guys keep playing.

Rafayel: Can I please get you two to pick up this painting?

Hesitant, I look at Rafayel's back.

Main Character: Is he angry?

Thomas: Over this? I don't think so. He's not a kid. Don't worry, he's fine.

Main Character: ...Really?

Wednesday, my day off.

After thinking it over, I decide not to go to Meow Meow Café, but to the gallery instead.

Gallery Receptionist: Kobato? You're probably here to see Mr. Thomas and Mr. Rafayel. They're inside.

Main Character: Okay, thank you.

Main Character: That sound...

I walk over to the lounge. The voices of Rafayel and Thomas can be heard behind the half-closed door.

Rafayel: I'll put this card... Here!

Rafayel: No wait, let me think...

Thomas: Why does it take you forever to decide?

Rafayel: This is a strategy game. I need to be extremely careful when deciding which cards to play.

Rafayel: And these cats keep staring at me. They probably wanna attack me.

Curious, I step closer to take a look. Rafayel is standing in a corner two meters away from the kitty teacup, a wary expression on his face.

Thomas: ...

Thomas: You're ruining all the fun.

Rafayel: Can't you have a little patience with a newbie?

Thomas: You should practice with someone who's very patient with you, such as your bodyguard lady.

Rafayel: You already said that playing with a newbie like me ruins all the fun. I can't ask her.

Thomas: Is it possible that she doesn't mind? You're learning this to play with her anyways.

Rafayel: Naaah. She'll probably say I don't need to learn it, and then sacrifice her game time to be with me.

Rafayel: I'm not that selfish... Besides, this game is really interesting.

Thomas: You don't find the meowing annoying?

Rafayel: I got it... Go, Meowster! I'm taking this card!

Rafayel: It's cute once you get used to it, like when victory is within reach.

Main Character: ...

This guy... really knows how to make a girl happy.

I quietly go back into the gallery hall and call Rafayel.

Main Character: Hey Rafayel, it's me. Meow Meow Café isn't open today, so I came to find you. I'm at the gallery now. Where are you?

Rafayel: You're here?...Hold on.

Soon, Rafayel and Thomas walk down the hall.

Rafayel: You're late. I already picked out the picture frames.

I jog up to them.

Main Character: Guess you don't need me anymore... I'll go then.

Rafayel grabs me.

Rafayel: Wait.

Rafayel: Since you didn't go to the café, let me make you a cup of coffee. Thomas's coffee beans are worth a taste.

Rafayel: And while there are no cats here, you can get a feel of what my paradise is like.

He gestures for me to sit down on the sofa, and hands me a picture book.

Rafayel: Here, cultivate your senses with some contemporary art.

Thomas grins and sits down on the sofa across from me, letting Rafayel play host.

Thomas: Kobato, guess what Rafayel was up to just now.

Rafayel: Cough.

Main Character: Picking out picture frames?

Thomas: Yeah, picking out picture frames.

On the Saturday afternoon, the doorbell rings. I lead Rafayel inside.

Main Character: You told me we're not going out today. You have something planned?

Rafayel: Yeah.

Rafayel picks up the Kitty Cards from my coffee table.

Rafayel: Let's play.

I show a surprised expression.

Rafayel: It's sooo popular these days. I ended up trying it out and found it really interesting.

Rafayel places the kitties on the table. The dozing kitties bask lazily under the sun. He pokes them, making them run around.

Rafayel: Well?

Rafayel: Wake up, kitty.

Rafayel continues to fiddle with the kitties on the table. Maybe the sunlight is too comfy. They just stick to his fingers and refuse to get up no matter how much he pokes them.

Rafayel: Do they go on strike sometimes?

Rafayel: Or do they also act like this when you play?

Main Character: The rules say that if an Evol kitten meets someone they like, there will be an Easter egg where the kitten sticks to that player.

Main Character: This never happened to me with any of the kitties though.

Rafayel takes an Evol kitten in his hand and brings it close to me.

Rafayel: OK, I got it. Maybe they have the same hobby as their owner.

Main Character: You know what their owner likes?

Rafayel: She likes to say white lies to make people happy.

Main Character: Huh?

Rafayel: I went to Meow Meow Café yesterday. They said they were open the whole day.

Main Character: ...Y-you really have a lot of time on your hands!

Rafayel: Yup, I even made reservations with them.

Rafayel: They said their limited-time entry offer is only available for another two weeks. Luckily, I got the tickets for next week.

Main Character: Do you... Do you think I'm silly?

Rafayel: Yeaaah...

Rafayel takes out a sticker from his pocket, tears off the seal, and sticks it on my face.

Rafayel: But it just so happens that my hobby is to master your hobbies. We can be silly together.

Having had enough sleep, the kitty in the cup pokes its head out and touches the sticker on my cheek with its paw.

Rafayel: They finally woke up. You can go first.

Main Character: Wait, let's place a bet. We need to raise the stakes for victory.

Rafayel: Ha, you want to take advantage of a newbie?

Rafayel: I don't mind. I've already mastered every trick and strategy for this game. I won't lose.

Main Character: Loser foots the bill for Meow Meow Café next week!

Rafayel: Deal. But you have to promise not to lose to me on purpose.

Main Character: No problem. Think I'm afraid of you? Bring it on!

Cat: Meow...