Heartfelt Moment (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: We've seen so many lovely designs already. Surely we'd have come across something your aunt likes, right?

Rafayel: Oh, definitely. Like this crystal lamp. And the emerald earrings and embroidered pearl handbag over there. She'd love all these.

Main Character: ...What else are you looking for, then?

Rafayel: Something interesting.

Main Character: But shouldn't you choose something your aunt likes since it's a gift?

Rafayel: Her house is probably full of her favorite things already. If I add to that collection, it wouldn't be very unique.

Main Character: What if she isn't too pleased with your creativity?

Rafayel raises an eyebrow.

Rafayel: If you keep searching in the same river, you'll eventually run out of treasures to find.

Main Character: I believe a surprise gift that's not too unexpected would be better than an unique one.

Rafayel: A surprise gift that's "not too unexpected"? Those things contradict each other.

Main Character: But that's what a gift for someone you care about is supposed to be like, right? You want to give them a pleasant surprise, but also want to make sure it's something they like.

Rafayel nods and studies me carefully.

Rafayel: If that's how you've chosen your gifts, how do you still have enough energy to think?

Main Character: What are you trying to say? You have no idea how much hair I lost from choosing gifts for a certain someone.

I give him a look, and he smirks.

Rafayel: Is this certain someone's preferences really hard to figure out?

Main Character: I'm sure you'd have as much trouble as me if you had to find a gift for someone with exceptional taste and a great eye for beauty.

Rafayel: I wouldn't.

Main Character: What would you do then?

Rafayel: Give that certain someone something I find interesting.

Main Character: Something you find interesting?

Main Character: Come to think of it, that time you gifted me a Hauptschessen berry...

Rafayel: It's a berry that's been extinct for over a century. Only a few people in the world have the privilege of knowing what it looks like... And you're one of them.

Main Character: And the time you got me an emoji keyboard...

Rafayel: I was planning to create a masterpiece with emojis alone. That would familiarize you with my style in advance.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: Very unique, right?

Main Character: Yeah, I don't think I'd have received something like that from anyone else.

Rafayel seems satisfied with my answer.

Rafayel: Ah, finally something interesting.

I look at where he's pointing and see a large, hollowed out marble globe.

Main Character: You want to gift your aunt-a singer-a globe?

Rafayel: The layered visual effect of this sculpted marble globe... Very unique.

Main Character: To be honest, I've never seen anything like it...

Rafayel It's exactly what I'm looking for.

While Rafayel is paying at the counter, I wander off to get myself some milk tea, only to be distracted by a plushie in one of the many claw machines.

It's a round, yellow chick plushie wearing a red beret and holding a palette and paintbrush. There's even a patch of green paint on its fluffy tummy.

Main Character: It reminds me of Rafayel...

Rafayel: Whatcha looking at?

Rafayel walks over, carrying a shopping bag.

Main Character: Nothing.

Rafayel glances at the claw machine.

Rafayel: See any plushies you like? I'll get it for you.

Main Character: Maybe next time. You don't want to be late for the birthday party.

I sneak back into the mall for the artist chick plushie the next day.

Main Character: Ugh, seriously...

Main Character: No way... Let's try again!

Rafayel: Tch, it can't be that hard!

Main Character: (... Rafayel?)

Hearing his voice, I turn to see a familiar figure standing in front of another claw machine.

Rafayel is staring at the claw machine, holding the joystick tight. Several plushies of all shapes and sizes are near him.

The claw slowly wobbles its way to the artist chick...

Rafayel: ...I'll get it next round!

Main Character: (Why is Rafayel after that plushie?)

Main Character: (I can't let him get it before I do!)

With my hard-earned artist chick in hand, I sneak up on Rafayel. I hold the plushie up high and open up my phone camera.

Main Character: Hey, you, claw machine guy!

Rafayel turns around, confused, and freezes when he sees me. I immediately press the shutter button.

Main Character: Caught red-handed, huh?

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel loses control of the joystick, and the chick falls out of the claw.

Rafayel: ...What are you doing here?

Rafayel redirects his gaze to the plushie in my hand, and his eyes widen.

Rafayel: How did you manage to get that?

Main Character: Answer my question first. What are you doing here acting all sneaky?

Rafayel crosses his arms.

Rafayel: If I wasn't, it wouldn't have been a surprise.

I stare at him.

Main Character: ...Wait, were you trying to get one for me as a gift?

Rafayel: Was there anyone else who couldn't take their eyes off the claw machine yesterday? You were practically glued to the glass.

Rafayel reaches out and gives the chick I'm holding a flick on the forehead.

Rafayel: You took an opportunity away from me.

Main Character: What opportunity?

Rafayel: The opportunity to give you a "surprise that's not too unexpected."

I can't help but smile at him.

Rafayel: Stop that. You deserve to be punished.

Main Character: Sure. Make me gift you the chick as punishment.

Rafayel hesitates, looks at the plushie in my hand, then back at me.

Rafayel: I thought you wanted it?

Main Character: This chick reminds me of an artist I know.

Chin on hand, Rafayel stares at me with a perplexed expression.

Rafayel: Don't tell me you...

Main Character: He often gets paint on his clothes too... One time, he got some on a white shirt I gave him.

Rafayel averts his gaze.

Main Character: He painted a whole picture on the shirt in hopes of covering his tracks... And he thought I wouldn't notice.

I turn the plushie around, showing Rafayel its paint-covered tummy.

Main Character: Doesn't it remind you of, well, you?

Rafayel: Ahem... It's called improvising.

Main Character: I figured if we got our hands on this chick, we would be able to remember that fond memory for a long time.

Rafayel studies my face, head tilted to one side.

Rafayel: So it's a memento... instead of a threat?

Main Character: How could such an adorable plushie be a threat?

Rafayel's eyes narrow, but I could see the affection in them.

Rafayel: I'll happily accept this gift, then.

Rafayel takes the artist chick and scrutinizes it.

Rafayel: This is definitely something you'd give.

Main Character: Unique, right?

Rafayel: It's very thoughtful, yeah.

Main Character: Turns out that choosing gifts your way is a lot easier.

Rafayel looks at me, a smile on his lips.

Rafayel: What if I ask you for an even more unique gift?

Main Character: Can I get it right now?

Rafayel: You're the only one who has it, you know.

Main Character: ...What do you want?

Rafayel: The rest of my life with you.