Hearty Knock (Rafayel Tender Moment)
It's finally the weekend, so I decided to go shopping with Tara.

A large ad outside the shopping mall catches my attention.

It shows dozens of colorful, falling wooden blocks. It attracts a bunch of talkative children.

Full-Screen Ad: Dear Pile It Up lovers we're going to release a new block series. The theme is "First Love"!

Full-Screen Ad: Do you remember how you two confessed to each other?

Full-Screen Ad: Do you recall how your partner walked into to your life?

Full-Screen Ad: Share your love story now and get a chance to win Pile It Up rewards!

Main Character: (Isn't this the same game I played with Rafayel?)

Reading the text on the screen, I can see many players have already shared their stories.

Some found true love through Pile It Up, and others managed to get together after gifting their partner a discontinued Pile It Up series.

Main Character: (I never knew other people had such interesting lives.)

Main Character: (Then again, when it comes to Pile It Up, Rafayel gets really creative. He surprised me that one time...)

Rafayel: You know, my smart watch just told me that I walked 12,000 steps today.

Rafayel: My best record this month.

Rafayel: Come to think of it, the last time I got that many steps in was also when I went shopping with you.

Main Character: We're just walking around the supermarket. Don't tell me you're tired already.

Rafayel: Naaah, I'm just talking to myself.

Rafayel: After all, entertaining friends at home is no easy task. Spending extra time on preparations is suuuper important.

Yeah, that's sarcasm all right... But I'm not surprised.

I toss a box of Pile It Up into the shopping cart.

Main Character: All right, we're done. Let's go home!

Rafayel peers over the cart to read the description on the box.

Rafayel: "A puzzle game for ages 5 and up. Helps children focus and learn the importance of patience...?"

Main Character: Well, we're having a party.

Main Character: It'd be boring if everyone spent the evening on their phones.

Rafayel: ...You've thought of everything.

Main Character: Say it louder for the audience in the back.

Rafayel: You may be thoughtful, but you can still be childish.

Rafayel stops in his tracks and turns to me, leaning against the shopping cart.

Rafayel: You've had your coworkers over at your place how many times now? How come I'm never invited?

Main Character: I...

Main Character: I guess it's because my home isn't that impressive... It's tiny. You won't have any space to move around...

Amused, Rafayel raises an eyebrow.

Main Character: What about next week then? You can come to my place, and I'll treat you to beef curry and popcorn.

Rafayel: You sure about that?

Main Character: ...We're going to discuss the decorations for the art exhibition anyway, right?

Rafayel: Mmm, that reminds me... I got work to do. Guess I won't be going out after all.

Rafayel: You'll stop by the studio, right? Just like before.

Rafayel pulls me closer with one hand and pushes the shopping cart toward the checkout counter with the other.

Rafayel: Let's go. I'll walk you home.

The conversation ends there, but I can't get Rafayel's question and the look on his face out of my head.

Of course, I know the fact that I haven't invited him over to my place isn't what's really bothering him.

I asked Tara for some advice, and her answer was...

Tara: Inviting a group of friends to your place is different from having a guy over, right?

Tara: While we all know how well your relationship is progressing...

Tara: Whether you're ready to open the door and officially invite him into your inner sanctum...

Tara: That's for you to decide.

Tara: Ask yourself this question. Do you feel he's "the one" every time time you see him?

A week later, I found myself in front of Rafayel's studio. Giving my bulging pocket a pat, I make my way up the stairs.

Main Character: I guess I have to do this sooner or later.

Rafayel: Come on in.

Rafayel leads me inside and trudges back to the table.

There's a half-built tower of Pile It Up on it. Rafayel sits there, twirling a small wooden hammer between his fingers.

Rafayel: Game on. Loser makes dinner.

Main Character: ...Wasn't I supposed to help you with the layout design today?

Rafayel: They did send me the layout plans this morning, and I rejected them immediately. We'll get the next batch in...

He checks the time.

Rafayel: About two hours.

Main Character: (No wonder he's playing with the blocks...)

I sit down across Rafayel and take the hammer used for knocking the blocks loose.

Main Character: Isn't this a children's game?

Rafayel glances at the box.

Rafayel: It says it helps builds patience. Sounds like something I need.

Main Character: You give yourself too little credit, Mr. Art Genius. You can spend the entire day sitting in front of a painting. I don't even have a fraction of that patience.

Rafayel: Maybe not when it comes to art. But I do need patience when you're involved.

Main Character: ...Huh?

Rafayel: I know, human emotions are complicated..."

Rafayel: Like these blocks. To build a tower with, you need to stack them up one by one, layer.

Rafayel: And to knock the walls down block by block and see what's inside, you need lots of patience.

Rafayel knocks a block out of its position and hands the hammer to me.

Rafayel: I was too hasty.

I pat my pocket.

Main Character: It's just a game. Why did you get all philosophical?

Rafayel: You can't become a better person unless you muse every now and then.

Main Character: Rafayel... is there something inside this tower?

After knocking a few blocks out of the way, I notice the tower is in fact hollow despite its intricate exterior.

But the item on the inside is shining ever so slightly.

Rafayel: It's a puzzle. You're gonna to have to solve it yourself.

The answer is clear after we get all the blocks out of the way.

Main Character: A key?

Rafayel fishes it out and drops it in my palm with an air of indifference.

Rafayel: It's the key to my place. It's yours now for safekeeping. Just in case I forget my passcode one day.

Main Character: ...Why don't you set a backup passcode for me, then?

Rafayel: A passcode is different from a key.

Rafayel: They can be changed at any time, but...

Rafayel: You should be able to enter and leave my place whenever you want. A key would allow you to do that.

The cold, metallic key soon becomes warm to the touch as I feel its weight in my hand.

Main Character: But what if I show up without announcing myself and walk in on you taking a bath?

Rafayel starts rebuilding the tower, appearing to be deep in thought.

Rafayel: Good point.

Rafayel: Don't come barging in at 9 A.M. or 9 P.M. That's when I bathe.

...He's just bluffing.

I can't help but smile as I stare at the key.

Main Character: You won't have to work on any designs next week and don't have any important plans, right? Wanna come over to my place?

Main Character: I laid out all the plushies we got on the couch. They're softer than pillows. You should try them for yourself.

Rafayel looks up.

Rafayel: You sure?

Rafayel: I don't just visit anyone as soon as I'm invited.

I take the card I prepared out of my pocket and stuff it into his hand.

Rafayel: "I cordially invite Mr. Rafayel to spend the afternoon at my humble abode next Sunday."

Main Character: I don't just send invitations to anyone either. Is this formal enough for you?

Right in front of my eyes, Rafayel types out "afternoon tea at (First Name)'s home" for the schedule that's on his phone.

Main Character: But wait, don't you have something else planned? Thomas—

Before I can finish, Rafayel puts away his phone and shoves the invitation into his shirt pocket.

Rafayel: None of that is as important as afternoon tea with you.

Rafayel: Ahem, I accepted the invitation. Make whatever arrangements you want as the host...

Rafayel: I'll definitely be there on time.