Homecoming Sonata (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: Jenna, I've arrived at the location the anomaly report mentioned. No energy fluctuation detected so far.

Rafayel: Even the ocean itself is calm.

Main Character: What was that noise you heard? Just seagulls. Got it, I'll remain on high alert and report back if I find anything.

Rafayel: So I'm a seagull now?

Main Character: No, you're the consultant I hired!

Rafayel: My job is to help you come up with ideas for your performance in the retirement home. Dealing with Wanderers was not part of the deal.

Main Character: But you're so good at it. Surely you wouldn't want me to face those pesky Wanderers alone?

Rafayel: You'll be fiiine. This area has always been safe. Even if any Wanderers pop up, they're probably the stupid ones.

I set the detection area of the sensor to a wider range, but the radar still doesn't pick up anything.

Main Character: Nothing on the sensor... but the residents in the area did capture a video of the seagulls crying in shock.

Rafayel: If there really were any Wanderers, the seagulls wouldn't have cried at all. They'd be dead, don'tcha think?

Main Character: We have to get to the bottom of this. Let me check the rocks over there.

Rafayel: The path is uneven. Hold my hand and watch your step.

Rafayel grabs my hand, enveloping it in his familiar warmth. I complain that I don't need his protection, but he just holds my hand more tightly.They walk along the beach.

Main Character: Look at all these shells!

Rafayel: They're empty. Guess the gulls ate whatever was inside.

Main Character: Didn't you mention needing some shells to make paint? Would these work?

Rafayel: I don't like the colors... and they're too dirty.

I fall silent, noticing the marks on the shells left behind by the gulls.

Main Character: The seagulls here usually mate between May and July, but it's already August. They should have left by now... But there are flocks still hanging around.

Rafayel: They seem restless. Something must have affected their natural routine.

Main Character: Can't be Wanderers. There's no energy fluctuation in the area.

Main Character: Wait... the seagulls are heading straight for us!

A flurry of wings descends upon us.

Rafayel: Watch out!

Rafayel moves me to the side as flames surround us. They keep the aggressive seagulls at bay.

Main Character: Strange. Why did they start attacking us all of a sudden?

Rafayel: You hear that?

Main Character: Hear what?

Rafayel: It's like an electric current, super faint. Must be from some device nearby.

Rafayel gazes at the surface of the ocean up ahead.

Rafayel: Might be down there. Stay here. I'll go check.

But before Rafayel can move, the seagulls fly toward us again. He has no choice but to stop in his tracks and turn to me.

Rafayel: What if we grill them? That way we won't have to worry about dinner.

I take out my harmonica and wave at him.

Main Character: Watch this.

Main Character: Great, it's working!

Rafayel: ...Is this what you're planning to do at the retirement home?

At least the seagulls, attracted by the noise, are no longer circling Rafayel.

Rafayel: I'm surprised they like this melody. These seagulls must be out of their minds.

Main Character: Mmm mmm mmmph! (Hurry and do your thing!)

Playing my harmonica, I lead the seagulls to the shore while Rafayel dives into the water.

Rafayel soon surfaces and shows me a small Protocore in his hand.

The seagulls all start screeching, as if affected by it.

Rafayel produces a small flame, instantly destroying the Protocore. The seagulls quiet down and start peacefully circling the seashore.

Rafayel: Stop playing. You're gonna kill my eardrums.

Main Character: The seagulls aren't complaining.

Rafayel: You sure about that?

As he returns to my side, Rafayel tosses me the tiny, destroyed Protocore.

Rafayel: They lost their sense of direction because they were exposed to it for a long time.

Rafayel's gaze lingers on the ocean.

Rafayel: They can no longer find their way home.

They're not crying from shock... They're crying because they feel homesick.

Main Character: Will they be able to go home one day?

After a brief moment of silence, Rafayel takes the harmonica from me.

Rafayel: They will if someone guides them.

He sits down on the rock, his wet shirt disheveled by the sea breeze.

The seagulls quiet down one by one. Flapping their wings, they surround Rafayel, flying low by the shore.

Soon, they set off toward the ocean, crying out as if expressing their gratitude.

The warm evening glow soon overtakes the ocean and skies, shining on Rafayel as he sits.

He continues to play his haunting melody as he watches the seagulls leave.

Main Character: Rafayel... the seagulls are gone!

Rafayel: They're heading to their new home.

Main Character: New home?

Rafayel: They usually build nests by the shore, but their home was destroyed. I guided them to a nearby area where they can start a new life.

A lone seagull lingers behind, landing on Rafayel's shoulder. He pets it gently on the head.

Rafayel: Don't wanna leave yet? This isn't your home anymore.

Don't worry, your new home will be nicer than this one.

Rafayel stands up and walks toward me, bathed in the afterglow.

Rafayel: What are you staring at?

Main Character: The seagulls are going to their new home... and it's time we head back. Don't you think this tune would make great background music for our journey home?

Main Character: starts playing her slightly out-of-tune song again.

Rafayel: Are you sure you really wanna perform this at the retirement home?

Main Character: You're my consultant. You should be encouraging me to surpass my limits.

Rafayel: I don't think the residents of the retirement home would be too happy about this.

Main Character: Won't you teach me, though?

Rafayel chuckles softly and takes my hand.

Rafayel: Yeah. Let's go home.