Lost In Your Eyes (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Rafayel: Hi, I wanna get one strawberry ice cream... and a shortcake, please.

Staff: One moment, please.

I quietly follow Rafayel, observing him from the alley while reporting back to Thomas

Main Character: Don't worry, Thomas. Rafayel just seems to be out for a walk. Maybe we're overthinking it.

Thomas: No, it's definitely not that simple.

Thomas: The auction invitation he received is from the black market. It's strictly invitation only.

Thomas: He must be planning something and keeping it a secret from us.

Thomas: Some people working in the black market are art smugglers. They can even kidnap artists and force them to work for their auctions.

Thomas: ...In any case, keep a close eye on him. Don't let him interact with people from the black market. It'd be even better if you can make him go back to the studio!

Main Character: ...

As I focus on replying to Thomas's message, Rafayel suddenly walks over. I immediately hide.

Young Student

Main Character: Huh?

From the shadows, a young man walks over with a camera in his hand.

Young Student

Main Character: Um...

Young Student

Main Character: Find inspiration? Sure...

Young Student: By the way, Miss, are you out here alone? I know the place pretty well. I can show you around.

Rafayel: Thanks, but no thanks. She's not alone.

Main Character: !

Rafayel: We have a busy schedule, sooo I'm afraid she doesn't have time to pose for pictures. Sorry.

Young Student: Oh! I'm sorry for disturbing you two...

Rafayel puts one hand on the wall, gently grabs my chin, and turns my face to meet his gaze.

Rafayel: Why don't you look at me instead?

Main Character: ...It's a shame. I never had pictures taken by a professional photographer before.

Rafayel: There's nothing to be sad about. Regret adds character to your life.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: Why are you following me?

Main Character: Um...

Rafayel: Before you lie, don't forget how I just saved you. Repaying my kindness with trickery isn't a good idea.

Main Character: When did you ever save me...

But Rafayel's questioning eyes overwhelm me with guilt, so I instantly betray Thomas.

Main Character: Thomas said you received an invitation letter from the black market and asked me to get you.

Rafayel: I knew it...

Rafayel: You've been following me the whole day. With an ulterior motive, yeah?

Rafayel flicks me on the forehead.

Rafayel: You're my bodyguard, but you also take orders from other people.

Main Character: ...Strictly speaking, it's not an order. I was just helping out.

Rafayel scrutinizes me. Then to my surprise, he nods.

Rafayel: It's good you're here. I do need a bodyguard to enter the black market.

Sensing something wrong, I try to slip away... Rafayel grabs my wrist.

Main Character: Wait, I didn't say anything.

He puts a packaged shortcake in my hand.

Rafayel: Here's your payment. We need to hurry since the sun is setting.

At eight o'clock sharp, Rafayel and I walk into the auction house. As per the rules, we hold a mask to cover half our faces with one hand, and the special invitation with the other.

Main Character: You haven't told me why you're here still. They say the art in the black market has sketchy origins. Is there something you need to buy?

Rafayel takes two glasses of champagne from the waiter's tray. He gives one to me and pulls me aside to a quiet corner.

Rafayel: A smart girl like you should be able to figure it out

I look around. The auction has already started. Many of the pieces are by famous artists.

Main Character: Are they... selling your works here?

Rafayel: ...

The answer is obvious.

Main Character: But how did your artwork end up...

Rafayel: A while back, thieves broke into my studio during the night and stole three paintings. Two have been recovered, but one is still missing.

Rafayel: ...Over there.

{Script/action|A painting appears on the huge projector of the auction house. The auctioneer stands in the center of the hall and gestures to the crowd.}}

Auctioneer: Auction Item No.13, The Siren's Song, artist unknown. Please place your bids.

Main Character: They don't know who the artist is?

Rafayel raises his hand for the first time.

Rafayel: A lot of items already changed hands several times, so it's difficult to know who created them. Only industry insiders can take a guess.

Rafayel: But based on this painting's art style alone, they shouldn't be able to tell who painted it.

Main Character: ...It is completely different from your usual style.

Rafayel flips over the invitation letter and reads the brief description of the painting.

Rafayel: "...The siren swims in the seas, her songs as enchanting as a maiden's true love."

Rafayel: "But her angelic voice is but a carefully crafted lie used to drown every sailor who wanders into her territory."

Rafayel: "Should a ship be foolish enough to sail into her waters, it will be devoured, leaving nothing behind."

Rafayel: Basically, a siren is a deceitful witch.

Rafayel raises his hand for the fourth time. There are fewer and fewer people bidding against him. By the time he raises his hand the sixth time, the auctioneer slams the gavel.

Rafayel: I can't believe I got it at such a low price.

Main Character: ...T-that's cheap to you?

Auctioneer: Sir, please come onstage to complete the transaction.

Rafayel: Okay, bring out the painting.

Auctioneer: The Siren's Song is now yours.

Rafayel stands before the painting and caresses the brushstrokes with his fingers.

Rafayel: This is the first time I've seen such a mediocre siren.

Auctioneer: Uh...

Rafayel: Her eyes are dull, lifeless. See, her pupils are clouded. The colors are all piled up. What a mess.

Rafayel: I can't see a hint of soul in these eyes. A siren like this will probably sing out of tune, yeah?

Main Character: (This is the first time I've seen Rafayel mock his own work. Is he being serious?)

Main Character: (But this painting really doesn't show any hint of beauty. It can't even compare to what he normally paints. Only a flame under the sea...)

Rafayel: Only the flame under the sea shows that the artist put in any effort.

Rafayel: I don't know what that actually means, but it does add a bit of oomph to this otherwise soulless siren. VOI

Auctioneer: Sir, our auction house's transactions are always final once I slam the gavel. If you are unsatisfied with this item...

Rafayel: I wasn't saying I wouldn't buy it.

Auctioneer: Then please leave the stage for now. We need to proceed to the next item.

Auctioneer: Perhaps you can express your interesting opinions about this painting when the auction is over.

Rafayel nods politely. However, he shows no signs of returning to his seat.

Rafayel: Sorry, but before the auction continues...

Flames engulf the entire painting.

Main Character: Huh?

The fire burns ferociously. Before anyone can react, the siren is devoured by the flames.

Rafayel: It's more fitting to have flames break through the water's surface.

Rafayel steps over the ashes and gives a small toast to the crowd.

Rafayel: Guess I won't be bringing anything home tonight. I wish you all a pleasant rest of the evening.

Rafayel: Let's go.

Rafayel: Why are you quiet? Don't you wanna ask me anything?

Main Character: I'm thinking about that painting...

Rafayel: You saw it. It was uuugly. If anyone found out I painted it, my reputation would be ruined.

Main Character: Still, you didn't need to burn it on the spot. You could've at least brought it home before burning it.

Rafayel pretentiously lifts his chin.

Rafayel: You have a lot of artistic talent and again, have also seen that painting. You can connect the dots.

Before I can react, Rafayel changes the subject.

Rafayel: Now that we're done, let's go have some fun on this trip!

Main Character: What? But Thomas..

Rafayel: Give me your phone. I'll block him for you.

Main Character: ...

Early next morning, I take Rafayel to a nearby gift shop to buy some souvenirs for Thomas.

Main Character: Are you sure... we shouldn't tell him?

Rafayel: Didn't we already agree on what to say?

Rafayel: We ran into each other on the street, went to a few scenic spots together, ate some seafood, drank some wine, and had a wonderful evening.

Rafayel: As for the dumb auction... it never happened.

Main Character: But I don't know how to lie...

Rafayel: I can tell.

Rafayel: Let me teach you.

Rafayel stops in front of a shelf and tries on a pair of sunglasses. Seemingly satisfied, he pushes them over his hair.

Rafayel: Lying requires technique, you know.

Main Character: Hmm?

Rafayel picks up another pair of sunglasses and puts them on me.

Rafayel: When you lie, don't let the other person see your eyes.

Main Character: Huh?

Rafayel: The only part of a person that can't lie is their eyes. When you don't speak with your eyes, you can make people believe whatever you say.

Main Character: What the...

Rafayel: Don't believe me? It's my secret technique. You should be thankful I shared it with you.

Main Character: (Lies can be told once the eyes are covered...)

Main Character: I get it now!

Rafayel: What do you get-

Main Character: The siren's eyes weren't lifeless. She covered her eyes to lie... She was singing!

Main Character: ... The fire at the bottom of the sea is her song, waiting for the ship to be engulfed in flames.

Main Character: When you burned the painting, it meant the fire had burst out of the ocean. Everyone heard her song, right?

Rafayel pats my head approvingly.

Rafayel: Not bad.

Main Character: ...Was there something else?

Rafayel nonchalantly takes the sunglasses from my nose and goes to pay for them at the cashier.

Rafayel: They steal my painting and then have the audacity to auction it. Once a law-abiding citizen like me found out, of course I reported them.

Rafayel: They probably got busted while we were out eating and shopping last night.

Rafayel: Their invitation letters are anonymous. Aside from my painting, nothing at that auction had anything to do with me.

Rafayel: And even if they wanted to get revenge, they wouldn't know whom to find.

Main Character: I see. However...

Main Character: (From the theme to the art style, there isn't a hint of "Rafayel" in that painting.)

Main Character: I still feel there are other secrets to that painting.

Rafayel: You're a smart cookie. Take a guess.

Main Character: There really are other secrets?

Rafayel puts the sunglasses back on my nose.

Rafayel: That's not important. What matters right now was that we're heading back to Linkon City. Let's worry about the issue at hand first and practice your lying skills.

Rafayel: Pretend I'm Thomas. What did you do last night?

Main Character: Last night I...

Main Character: Last night I... went to pose for photos with a photography student!

Rafayel: What?

Rafayel: Are you serious? Or are you lying?

Rafayel pushes down my sunglasses and stares into my eyes.

Main Character: I realized something.

Rafayel: What did you realize?

Main Character: There's another technique to lying, and it's not to tell the other person whether you're lying or not.

Rafayel: You. Better. Explain. Yourself.