Myths (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: Thanks for your help. I look forward to working with you again.

Having completed a mission in Linkon's Old District, I bid my informant goodbye. As I turn around to leave I see a familiar figure standing by the roadside.

Rafayel: [Main Character], fancy seeing you here. Is the Old Distract now under your watch too?

Main Character: Rafayel? Why are you here?

Rafayel: My phone isn't letting me buy a drink from this vending machine. Help a guy out?

Main Character: ...What do you want?

Rafayel: Finally! I thought I was going to die of thirst for a moment there.

Main Character: A famous artist dies from dehydration while looking for inspiration. A great loss to the artistic world.

Rafayel: Inspiration is an elusive cat. The more you seek it out, the more it hides from you. If you were an artist, you'd get used to it.

Rafayel: I'm not looking for inspiration today, though. I just finished a painting yesterday. I'm only here to relax and get some fresh air.

Rafayel: Come on, let's hang out a bit. A walk in the alley together, maybe?

Main Character: I was just there. If you're here to relax, why do you have to bring me along?

Rafayel: Well, my mobile pay app isn't working. I probably won't even make it back home if you leave me here. I'm sure you're not that cruel.

Rafayel: Plus, your work seems to be done for the day. We should get some fresh air together since we're both off work.

Main Character: Okay, fine. You actually managed to convince me...

Rafayel: Hello there. One candied strawberry skewer please?

Vendor: Here you go! And another for the lady?

Rafayel: No need. She's just here to pay for me.

Main Character: Guess I'm pretty useful to you, huh?

Rafayel pulls off the tanghulu wrapping.

Rafayel: Here, try it and see how it tastes.

Main Character: It's a little sour... I guess these strawberries aren't ripe enough.

Rafayel: For real? The strawberries look so deliciously scarlet. The color is intense, amazing even.

Main Character: We're eating the strawberries, not painting them. You can't tell if it's ripe based on color alone.

Rafayel: This is outside my field of expertise. Fine, they're selling cotton candy over there. Let's go have a look.

Rafayel: Hello, may I have a...

Rafayel: Nevermind. I just changed my mind.

Main Character: Why aren't you buying it? While I can't pay for the expensive food you usually eat, I'm sure I can afford some snacks.

Rafayel: Color of their cotton candy is way too saturated. They must have added a whole truckload of food coloring.

Rafayel: Plus, I can already taste the candy on my lips by listening to that cotton candy machine alone.

Main Character: You can taste something by just hearing the sound it makes?

Rafayel: Of course, and there's more to it. Now close your eyes.

Rafayel: Do you hear the sheets billowing in the wind? Listen to the different colors dance under the sun, and you'll smell the scent of wheat.

Rafayel: Oh, and a dog is arguing with a bird over there. Neither of them sound enthusiastic though. They've probably known each other a long time.

Main Character: How can you tell?

Boy: Haha! Take this... POW POW POW!

Old Man: It's checkmate. I won!

Woman: You get back here and finish your homework, young man!

Rafayel: Haha, humans are an interesting bunch.

Rafayel: Why are you looking at me funny? You don't think it's interesting?

Main Character: I don't get what's so interesting. It's just mundane life.

Rafayel: Mundane, but bubbling with liveliness.

Rafayel: This neighborhood once fell into ruin after a Wanderer's attack I heard.

Rafayel: Survivors didn't want to move, so they rebuilt their homes exactly where they had been.

Main Character: Yeah. It took a long time, but they'd rather wait than move elsewhere.

Rafayel leans down and dusts off the memorial plaque.

Main Character: What are you doing?

Rafayel: Look, flowers grow even in ruins, as long as they survive winter.

Main Character: Oh, the petals are getting blown away! Do something!

Rafayel: Nevermind. Beauty is fragile and temporary. There's nothing we can do to make it last longer.

Main Character: Looks like it's about to rain...

Rafayel: Nah, chances of rain today are...

Rafayel: Whoops, didn't expect it to fall so quickly.

Rafayel and I stand under a shelter, watching the raindrops continuously from the roof.

Rafayel: For some reason, it always rains when I'm outside with you, but I didn't take an umbrella with me this time.

Rafayel: The wind's way too strong. We're being pelted with rain.

Rafayel: Here, you can have my coat.

Main Character: What about you?

Rafayel: I'm going to get wet anyway, so I might as well be pro-active about it.

Rafayel walks into the rain.

Main Character: Come back! You're going to get drenched!

Rafayel: Well isn't that where the fun is? We often get to enjoy basking in the sunshine, but the chance to get drenched in the rain is rare.

Rafayel: Like this.

Rafayel jumps into a puddle and kicks the water.

Rafayel: I've always wanted to try this. The kids all look so happy when they do this.

Rafayel: [Main Character], it doesn't rain in the sea, you know.

Main Character: I've never played in the puddles either. Grandma wouldn't let me when I was little... Hey, I wanna try too!

Rafayel: That's a big puddle over there. Let's race! Winner takes all!

Main Character: I'm going to beat you!

Rafayel and I race in the rain, jumping into one puddle after another.

Rafayel: You don't kick fast enough.

Main Character: Why did I do such a childish thing with you?!

Rafayel: When did it become childish to enjoy the rain? Just follow your heart and be honest with yourself.

Main Character: Without you, I probably wouldn't have discovered this "honesty" within me.

Rafayel: Hurry up and have fun while you can, then. The sun's coming out.

Main Character: Rafayel, I dried your coat. Where are you?

Main Character: ...Rafayel?

A gentle breeze sweeps through the room. Rafayel is sitting by the window with a paintbrush in hand.

Main Character: I thought you were taking a day off. Why are you painting?

Rafayel: I can't help it. I had a fleeting burst of inspiration and had no choice but to start working.

Rafayel: Beauty, if not captured in time, will leave us forever.

Main Character: Yeah, and the cold's equally unforgiving. Why don't you change out of your wet clothes first?

Rafayel: Come in. Don't stand in the doorway.

Main Character: Will I be disturbing you?

Rafayel: Maybe, but only a little... And this small disturbance is going to add a unique touch to my painting.

Main Character: Are you painting the Old District we were in today?

Rafayel: "A symphony of rain and happiness." How does it sound as a prompt?

Rafayel: Oh, and speaking of that, I should credit you as a co-creator of this piece.

Main Character: No, it's fine! I'll never have a day of peace if people see my name next to yours.

Rafayel: Fair enough, but help me out. Pick a color for me to put on this half of my canvas.

Main Character: Me? Pick a color for you? I don't know a thing about painting.

Rafayel: You don't need to know. Just pick a color you like.

Rafayel: I plan to make this a simple composition with two main tones.

Rafayel: This one half is mine, and the other half... is all yours.