Ocean At Night (Rafayel Tender Moment)
From a distance, I can see Rafayel standing on the shore taking pictures. I briskly walk up to him.

Hearing my footsteps, Rafayel puts down his camera and turns around to face me.

Rafayel: You've arrived sooner than I expected. Were you that worried about me?

Main Character: Why didn't you close the door when you left? I looked high and low at your place... I thought...

Rafayel: You thought a Wanderer broke in and kidnapped me?

Main Character: I was worried you would cause a ruckus on the shores and irritate the neighbors...

Main Character: What have you been taking pictures of?

Rafayel shows me the pictures and zooms in bit by bit.

Rafayel: I saw some flickering lights in the ocean from the window of my room. I thought it was some kind of will-o'-the-wisp.

Rafayel: So I took pictures and zoomed in. They look like balls of light floating on top of the sea. How strange.

Main Character: Balls of light... Oh, now I remember! Those are sea lanterns! It's the annual Sea Lantern Night at Whitesand Bay!

Main Character: You've been so busy painting that you haven't been out for a couple of days now, huh? So absorbed in your art that you haven't even heard about the event.

Rafayel: Oh... A false alarm then. I'm heading back.

Main Character: Hold on, the place where people are placing lanterns into the ocean isn't very far from here. Let's check it out! It's quite festive there.

Rafayel: Festive? More like noisy...

Main Character: You really don't want to go? Fine then...

Rafayel: Not unless you can give me a reason for going.

Main Character: You can think of it as taking a seaside stroll.

Rafayel: The weather forecast says there will be heavy winds tonight. By the time we get there, everyone will have left and it'll be a wasted trip.

Main Character: ...When I was younger, I floated a lantern into the sea. I haven't done that in forever. I kinda want to do it again.

Rafayel: That's a better reason to persuade me. Fine, you win.

Upon saying that, Rafayel turns around and walks back to his house.

Main Character: Rafayel, didn't you agree to go? Why are you heading back?

Rafayel: I'm getting you a coat. It's cold by the water.

The sand, meticulously shaped and compacted by the gentle caress of the sea, looks just like a soft, plush carpet.

Rafayel and I walk side by side up the beach. He suddenly stops and takes a few quick shots of the sea.

Main Character: Did you get the moon in there?

Rafayel: The setup's pretty good. A shadow devouring the light.

Main Character: There's not much light here. We should probably take pictures later.

I walk ahead only to hear a click from behind. Turning around, I see Rafayel taking another picture.

Main Character: Why are you taking photos of me? It's so dark. Don't waste your time...

Rafayel: It's not a waste. I managed to capture the sparkles in your eyes, didn't I?

Rafayel: And now that I already have you in my camera. The photo can turn out all black, I don't care.

We continue walking and the wind starts to pick up, churning the sand as the waves grow larger.

Rafayel: I sometimes stroll alone along this stretch at night.

Main Character: Near the quiet sea, far from the meaningless noises of the city, and without anyone to disturb you... I bet you enjoy this a lot.

Rafayel: So you admit you're here to disturb me?

Main Character: Have... I?

Rafayel: Of course, you have. Now that I've gotten used to your intrusions... I no longer enjoy being alone as much as I used to.

Main Character: Why does it sound like you're complaining about something you actually enjoy?

I gently punch him in the shoulder, but trip over a rock and almost fall.

Main Character: Ow...

Rafayel grabs my hand.

Rafayel: Your legs aren't working, but your hands seem to be working fine.

Main Character: Hmph...

Rafayel: You're the first person I've seen who can't keep their balance on level ground.

Main Character: I tripped over a rock!

Rafayel: You tried to punch me only to trip over yourself. You're probably the first person ever to accomplish that.

Main Character: I...

Rafayel: I guess it's not safe for you to walk alone on the beach.

Cheers erupt up ahead, and the sea is filled with the glow of lanterns.

Main Character: Look, Rafayel! The sea lanterns look magnificent! Let's head over!

Rafayel: Good thing I know what's going on. With all those torch lights and the feral screams of humans, I would've assumed they were trying to hunt me down...

We arrive at the place where people float their sea lanterns. The loud voices slowly faded away as we're surrounded by the sounds of crashing waves.

Rafayel: We came at the right time. Everyone's leaving just as we arrive.

Main Character: It's been so many years, but the sight of the sea awash in the glow of lanterns is the same as how I remembered it. It's so romantic.

Rafayel: And when the winds pick up and capsize the lanterns, that would be a scene out of a romantic tragedy.

Just then, a strong wind started to blow, sending sand flying.

Main Character: You and your big mouth. You just had to say it.

Rafayel unfolds the coat in his hand and drapes it over me.

Rafayel: I've been holding this for you. Put it on.

Main Character: The wind's very strong. You wear it. I'm good.

He takes off the camera hung around his neck and passes it to me.

Rafayel: You may not need it, but I can't let sand get into my camera.

Rafayel: Protect it for me. Besides, the coat's as big as a tent. There's more than enough room to fit two of you.

Main Character: So why don't you...

Rafayel: Fit myself in there?

Main Character: Uh, no, there isn't enough room...

Rafayel chuckles and leans in, zipping it up for me.

Rafayel: Cover your nose too. Don't let the sand get in there.

I tuck my chin into the collar, a little embarrassed, and squat down as he zips me up.

Main Character: You've bundled me too tightly. I can't even see what's in front of me...

Rafayel squats next to me and peers at me with a smile.

Main Character: Why are you looking at me like a—

Rafayel: A mushroom that is about to emerge from the soil.

Main Character: There you go, making fun of me again. What about you then?

Rafayel: I'm a bushy-tailed squirrel guarding the mushroom, ready to block it from the wind, however strong.

Main Character: That sounds kind of sad. Thanks, though.

Rafayel: Once the mushroom emerges, I'm swallowing it whole.

Main Character: The sea lanterns are gone... What a shame. It's like they had never existed in the first place.

Rafayel: Even if it weren't for the waves, flames lit by humans won't last forever.

Rafayel: Now I remember, I've seen the sea lanterns before.

Main Character: You've been here?

Rafayel: No, but when I was young, sea lanterns drifted over my hometown. I blew them out when I saw them.

Main Character: That... sounds like something you would do.

Rafayel: Isn't it funny? They know the flames will eventually go out and yet they light the candles.

Rafayel: The flames are just like human lives, short and easily snuffed out. When these lanterns can be blown out so easily, how can humans expect them to keep anyone safe?

Main Character: It's precisely because people are feeling helpless with what's happening in the world that they pin their hopes on traditions like these.

Main Character: Perhaps from your perspective, these are meaningless things that people do, but for some, it may be their last hope.

Rafayel: Maybe so, since they aren't aware that for those who have already had tragedy befall them, praying is but a form of self-comfort.

Rafayel: But life goes on and the living has to go on living with hope in their hearts...

Rafayel contemplated this for a moment, then turned to me, his eyes sparkling.

Rafayel: So that means... the sea lanterns aren't completely useless after all.

Rafayel: …The wind seems to have stopped.

Rafayel: There are more people coming to float lanterns into the sea. Let's join them, shall we?

Rafayel helps me up, and we head for the water.

Main Character: Why are you suddenly so enthusiastic? Let me remind you that you're an adult and can't go around blowing others' lanterns out...

He grabs me, pulling me into the sea.

Main Character: Rafayel, what are you doing?

Rafayel: Shhh, watch, I'm going to do some magic.

Rafayel stretches out his hand and in his palm appears a flame. It slowly becomes a sea lantern as he floats it on the water.

Main Character: You used your own flame...

Rafayel: This is your custom-made sea lantern. Let me pray for you.

Rafayel: I pray that your hopes will never go out.

Main Character: And I pray that you...

Rafayel: Only one wish per sea lantern. Your wish will have to wait till next year.

Main Character: ...I guess this flame will eventually go out too?

Rafayel: My prayers for you will never go out. They will forever float on top of the waves.

Rafayel: Because my flames can never be extinguished.

Main Character: That's good to hear. Still, it will eventually float somewhere out of my sight, which is a pity.

Main Character: Look, it's about to be blown away...

Rafayel suddenly snaps a photo of me.

Rafayel: Finally, a not-so-blurry picture of you.

Main Character: You took a picture of me? Let me see! Huh, it's only my eyes...

Rafayel: Because your eyes hold the light of the sea lantern I gifted you. That way, it will forever stay by your side.