Oceanic Nightfall (Rafayel Tender Moment)
At the stroke of midnight, I arrive at Rafayel's place. Lugging my suitcase, I am exhausted and covered in dirt.

The moment the door swings open, a cacophony of sounds rushes out. I step back, checking to make sure the sign says Mo Arts Studio and not the name of a bar.

Main Character: Wait, I thought I was...

The sounds were coming from the garden outside.

Upon entering the backyard, waiters in white suits and black bow ties weave through the crowd. Trays of cocktails are served to guests wearing their finest, most expensive clothes.

Under the ever-changing lights, Rafayel stands like a celebrity, surrounded and adored by the flocking guests. Their faces shine on him like a spotlight.

Main Character: Heh... Wealth sure has a way of corrupting an artist.

Main Character: (What a shame. I rushed back to surprise him with...)

Main Character: You don't need to save a ticket for me. Don't wait for me either. I'm not sure how long this trip will be.

Rafayel: Sooo you're telling me not to do anything?

Main Character: (Is he really not going to wait for me now? Seriously?!)

Thomas: MC, you're just in time!

Thomas: Please help me. He promised to attend an art exhibition first thing tomorrow morning. If this keeps up, we'll never be able to finish our work.

Thomas: You know he gets drunk easily. What if he actually ends up selling himself?

Main Character: He seems to be having a good time. He doesn't need us.

I watch Rafayel who's in the center of the crowd. Suddenly, an idea pops into my head.

Main Character: Thomas, I know what we can do.

Thomas: What is it?

Guest A: Oh, the power's out. Man...

Guest B: Ugh, I thought we were going to party all night...

Guest C: Raf, next time... Let's meet in Paris...

Thomas: How did you do that?!

Main Character: Easy, I just cut the power to his home.

And it worked. The banquet ended with sighs of regret. People leave like a flock of startled birds.

The once bustling garden is silent, and only a mess remains.

Thomas: I told you to just casually attend. But no, you just had to invite some strangers to an after-party.

Thomas: Not only did you make a mess, you don't seem to be happy...

A single, indifferent glance from Rafayel immediately shuts Thomas up.

Thomas: All right, all right, I'll have someone clean the garden. Make sure to leave the gate unlocked for them.

Rafayel: Cool. Don't let the door hit you on the way out.

After seeing off the last guest, Rafayel leans against the wall under the porch. In the darkness, he appears rather lonely.

He turns around to look at me. Taken aback, I stand still.

Rafayel: So, now that the bad guy left, it's up to his accomplice to clean up the crime scene.

Main Character: You noticed. Then why are you letting them off the hook?

Rafayel: It was getting late. I was tired and had no idea how to politely kick them out.

Rafayel: Then you and Thomas showed up. And within ten minutes, you solved everything. I should thank you.

His words carry no sense of anger, which inexplicably saddens me.

I turn around and reach for the leftover drinks on the table. I'm about to pour myself a glass, but Rafayel takes it from me.

Main Character: Get your own. Why are you grabbing-

A glass falls and shatters on the ground. Its golden liquid splashes across his chest and creates a splatter of colors.

Main Character: Why are you still doing things you don't like?

Rafayel chuckles.

Rafayel: Who knows? Maaaybe I was bored. When people are bored, they tend to do dumb things.

His gaze slips past me, landing on my suitcase.

Rafayel: Just got back, huh?

Main Character: I happened to be passing by, so I thought I should visit you.

Rafayel: Okay, but where's my gift, unexpected guest?

I glance at the pile of exquisitely wrapped, obviously expensive presents in the corner. I shake my head, my smile not quite reaching my eyes.

Main Character: ...Sorry, I didn't bring anything.

Rafayel: If you say so.

Rafayel shrugs, turns to open a drawer, and hands me a toolbox. He nods to the fuse box outside.

Main Character: ...You?!

Rafayel: Brrr, I'm so cold because of this wine. I'm gonna go change. Make yourself at home.

Main Character: Damn it, I just flipped a switch. I didn't think it would actually short-circuit...

Thirty minutes later, I dejectedly trudge back to the studio, toolbox in hand.

After returning it to the drawer, I try to find Rafayel, but he's not in the house.

Main Character: Rafayel?

There's no response.

I keep looking and notice the sporadic sound of splashing water behind lush vegetation.

Main Character: Where do you keep your candles?

Rafayel: See that sculpture? Right below Brutus to left of Voltaire.

Main Character: Can you describe things in a way that a normal person would understand? I can't just consult the geniuses of the past...

I move away the leaves in front of me, only for an unexpected scene to unfold.

Rafayel is in a bathtub. His right hand, while clutching a paintbrush, rests against his lips. Something is on his mind.

Strands of damp hair stick to his face, accentuating the beautiful lines of his neck and shoulders as they rise and fall with his every breath.

Scattered drawings float on the water's surface, colors bleeding into the paper to create a dreamy, blurred palette.

Rafayel: Come a little closer. If you wanna get a better look.

As if waking from a dream, I lower my head, unable to stop my cheeks from getting redder.

Main Character: Are you... Are you taking a bath or painting?

Rafayel: Who says you can't multitask?

Taking a deep breath, I clumsily step back. I almost knock over the potted plant behind me in the process.

Rafayel: ...Stay right there. Wait for me.

There's a soft rustle from behind-the sound of silk trailing on the ground. In the stillness of the night, it carries a hint of heart- fluttering intimacy.

Rafayel: You can't see anything, yeah? Be careful.

Suddenly, he reaches out and takes my hand in his. I suddenly realize I'm being guided to the other side of the studio.

Water droplets drip from his damp hair, splattering onto the floor bleached by the moon's ethereal glow.

Rafayel retrieves two golden candlesticks from behind a cluster of busts. With a snap of his fingers, candlelight illuminates the corner we're in.

Main Character: Aren't you planning to go to bed?

Rafayel: How am I supposed to sleep with you around?

He sets the candle on the cabinet, then picks up his art supplies from the floor. Turning his back to me, he sits before his easel and actually begins to paint. His figure is illuminated by 3:00 A.M. moonlight.

Rafayel: Cadmium yellow.

Main Character: ...

Realizing he's talking to me, I sift through the scattered paints on the ground and give it to him.

Rafayel: Lake blue.

Main Character: ...You're having a lot of fun bossing me around, huh?

Finally, he puts his paintbrush down and stares at me.

Rafayel: Let me guess. You couldn't have possibly finished your mission early to surprise me, right?

Main Character: ...Of course not!

Rafayel: And you didn't just run over here because you thought my whacky day-night schedule would benefit you?

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: Am I right?

Main Character: No!

Rafayel: Oh, so it's not because I'm in a bad mood.

He turns back to his painting.

Main Character: (... This guy really pisses me off!)

I walk over and yank the paintbrush from him, not caring about the paint smeared on my hand.

Main Character: Is today something that just happens in your life?

Rafayel: What do you mean?

Main Character: Navigating through a sea of colorful characters, dancing with gorgeous people, attending art forums, leaving only when it's midnight.

Main Character: A world of glamour where fame, fortune, and pleasure reign supreme. Intoxication blurs the lines of morality... It's a dizzying, baffling thing.

Rafayel: You aren't using every cliché you know right now, are you?

His seemingly affectionate yet aloof demeanor shreds the remaining patience I had left.

Main Character: You say you hate stuff like this, but you seem to be enjoying yourself. You're a...

Rafayel: Hypocrite?

Main Character: ...

Under the candlelight, he suddenly grabs my hand that's holding the paintbrush. I stagger, my back hitting the wall behind me.

Main Character: ...!

He moves closer, our shadows intertwining under the moonlight.

Rafayel: With each passing day, I'm becoming more human. I hang out with people I don't like, wear the mask they wanna see, say the things they wanna hear.

Being this close to him, I forget how to respond. I don't even know when his arm wrapped itself around my waist.

He lower his head, touching his nose against mine like a sad puppy seeking its owner's forgiveness.

Rafayel: Hypocrite. Fake. Am I no different than those people who only seek fame and fortune?

Main Character: Rafayel, you—

Rafayel: You know, I've been thinking about who I actually am and who I should be.

He meets my gaze, his voice so soft that I momentarily feel disoriented.

Yet there's no shame in his eyes. It's not remorse. He's trying to provoke me.

Main Character: You didn't say that on purpose so I would pity you, did you?

Main Character: You want me to say "The Rafayel I know hates all of that."

Rafayel: Or what if I had been this kind of person before I met you?

Main Character: ...

Seeing that I remained silent, Rafayel softly chuckles and backs off.

Rafayel: It's kinda late. If you're not going home, the blankets are over there. You can sleep on the couch.

Before he leaves, I quickly grab his sleeve.

Main Character: ..."Before you met me?"

I sigh and meet his gaze.

Main Character: Are you saying you've changed after you met me?

Main Character: Rafayel, you're... starting to become annoying.

Rafayel: Everyone wants to be my friend, but you're the first person to say I'm annoying.

He glances at the vibrant handprint I had left on his shirt.

Rafayel: Also, I don't have any more clothes for you to mess up.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: What if I want to mess it up?

In the heat of the moment, I push him down onto a nearby armchair. His already damp shirt is now a complete mess.

Main Character: You're trying to say we're from different worlds. I'm just someone who stumbled in by accident.

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: So what? Those people may run to you, but they can't walk inside your home or keep you by their side.

Main Character: You already met me. You can't just draw the line after crossing it.

Main Character: If you're trying to resist this weird change, consider it all part of your destiny.

His eyelashes cast a shadow across his face, making it difficult to read his expression.

After a long time passes, he finally meets my gaze.

Rafayel: Then what's your reason? How is it any different from theirs?

Main Character: I'm nothing like them, obviously-

Rafayel: Good.

Main Character: ...Huh?

Rafayel's gaze lingers on me, and then he embraces me.

Main Character: Why... You just—

Rafayel: As I said, it's perfect.

His warmth seeps through his thin shirt and onto my cheek. It takes me a while to process what just happened.

Main Character: This... You'll believe anything I say, huh? You're pretty gullible.

Rafayel lets go of me, his sigh echoing between us.

Rafayel: I've been thinking about... what exactly changed.

Rafayel: What was I like before I met you? I wonder...

Rafayel: Is there a difference between then and now? Do I really...

Rafayel: Feel that I'm no longer used to this kind of loneliness.

When we're so close to each other, every heartbeat is loud and clear.

Bathed in the flickering candlelight, I only recognize one person among the statues-Plato- silently watching us. I feel a bit uneasy.

Rafayel: You really didn't bring me anything, huh?

Main Character: I did, but you must've gotten a lot of gifts anyway, right?

Rafayel puts some distance between us and unabashedly holds out his hands.

Rafayel: Their gifts are their gifts, and yours is yours. Where is it?

Sighing, I pull out a bunch of wilted flowers from my bag. Perhaps this is the moment I've been waiting for.

Main Character: You mentioned it's been a long time since you saw these. They only bloom near seaside cliffs. Well, I just happened to find some.

Main Character: ...Don't look down on them because they're all wilted. They were stunning when they bloomed.

A disrespectful petal flutters down. Rafayel catches it and clenches his fist.

Rafayel: Out of all the presents today, this one is the best.

Main Character: Huh? Are you trying to make me feel better?

Holding the withered bouquet, there's a hint of mirth in his eyebrows as if he's cradling the greatest treasure in the world.

Rafayel: It's the best because you brought me flowers from a distant place.