Oceanside Exchange (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Rafayel and I pick up our tickets at the entrance of the aquarium.

Rafayel: "We will be permanently closed starting from the 20th of this month. Thank you for your continued support..."

Rafayel: So today's the last day.

Main Character: Yeah. The lines were always so long here back then. Can't believe the place is no longer popular.

Rafayel: So this is what you meant by "bidding farewell" to your friends?

Main Character: Yeah, I used to visit this place every week when I was a kid. All the fish recognized me. I need to give them a proper send-off!

Rafayel: It's been a long time since you were here. I don't think they'll remember—

Before Rafayel can finish, a tropical fish in the glass tank appears right in front of us.

Main Character: Oh— A colorful fish!

I place a finger on the glass, and the small, colorful fish approaches it in interest.

Main Character: See? It's not scared! It definitely remembers me. I even raced it when I was a kid!

Rafayel: How?

Main Character: Like this!

I "line up" next to the fish in the tank. As soon as it swims forward, I also set off from the "starting line," my arms making breaststroke motions as I go.

Rafayel: Mmm... nice. That fish is no match for you.

Main Character: The race is no longer fair, though. When I was a kid, my strides barely crossed half a marble tile!

Rafayel: You grew up... but the fish grew up too. You won, fair and square.

He says, placing an origami fish he folded with his ticket into my hand.

Rafayel: Here's your prize.

Main Character: It's so cute!

Origami fish in one hand, I give him my ticket.

Main Character: Make a bird for me.

Rafayel points at a small, silver fish that's darting around in the water.

Rafayel: Race that one then. I'll make you a bird if you win.

Main Character: ...No way, that's one of the fastest species of fish in the world.

Rafayel calmly stuffs the ticket back into my pocket.

Rafayel: All right, come back when you're brave enough to take on the challenge.

Main Character: Hmph!

Suddenly, a gigantic shadow appears before us in the tank.

Main Character: Ooh, a flying carpet fishy!

Rafayel: Flying carpet fishy? Was giving fish different nicknames your hobby as a kid?

Main Character: Well, it's flat, seems soft to the touch, and looks like it's always flying around. Isn't that just like a flying carpet?

Rafayel: It's got a name, you know. It's a flying mobula. Also known as a flying ray or a devil ray—

Rafayel: ...Let's just call it a flying carpet fishy.

Rafayel: I never actually touched one, but since it lives in the ocean, you're probably right in that it's soft.

I poke his face.

Main Character: Yeah... Definitely soft.

Rafayel: Remember, fish from the ocean's depths can be very aggressive.

Rafayel frowns slightly, and I poke him two more times for good measure.

Main Character: Really? Do they bite?

Rafayel grabs my hand and opens his mouth. I try to retract my hand, but Rafayel holds onto it and pulls me forward.

Rafayel: Let's go. Your other friends are waiting.

Rafayel and I are surrounded by shimmering blue waves. With the gurgling of the oxygen pumps and schools of fish swimming by it's as if we were walking under the sea.

Main Character: This place is exactly like how I remembered it. Nothing's changed.

Rafayel: But you're all grown up and haven't been here in a long time.

Rafayel: Instead of the fish forgetting you, it's more likely that you've forgotten them.

Main Character: I didn't forget. It's just I grew up. And now that I'm an adult, I know the ocean is where they belong.

The underwater tunnel seems almost endless. The marine animals swimming on the other side of the glass seem so close... yet so far.

I place my hand on the glass, trying to communicate with the fish in the tank.

Main Character: Rafayel, what is it like to live in the ocean?

Rafayel: The ocean and the aquarium... are completely different worlds.

Rafayel: There are reefs and corals, and all sorts of fish swimming about.

Rafayel: We can tell time by the tides, and admire the everchanging lights and dancing shadows on the water's surface.

Rafayel: All fish are born to love the ocean.

Rafayel: But the aquarium is nice in its own way. There are endless dangers lurking in the ocean, so the fish may have a hard time relaxing.

An enormous shark glides above us. Its gleaming teeth look extraordinarily sharp.

Rafayel: Maybe the aquarium isn't so bad after all.

Rafayel turns to look at the tank on display at the end of the corridor. The worker there is surrounded by schools of fish, feeding them.

Rafayel: All living beings can sense the emotions of one another. If humans treat fish with kindness, I'm sure they can tell.

Main Character: You're not these fish, though. How can you be sure that they don't crave freedom?

Rafayel: Well, you're not even a fish. How would you know what these fish want?

Main Character: You...

Main Character: I guess you're right.

Rafayel: Let's keep going?

Main Character: Okay.

The aquarium may not be a big one, but it still takes us half the day to explore it.

Main Character: It's their last day, yet they're still talking about seeing us again...

Rafayel: Doesn't that mean you'll have a chance to meet again, though?

Main Character: Will we really meet again?

Rafayel: We can just ask them and see.

Rafayel suddenly taps three times on the glass pane.

Schools of fish, as if summoned, swim over to us.

The whirlwind of colorful arrivals forms an amazing scene in front of my eyes.

Main Character: Rainbow fishy!

My rainbow fishy, instead of joining the other fish, swims in my direction and stops in front of me, fins wagging.

Rafayel: It seems to have remembered you. Guess it considers you a friend because of all the races you had.

Rafayel stands in front of the glass tank, eyes covered in a stunning cerulean.

And then, his gaze, which seems to hold an entire ocean, focuses on me.

Rafayel: They said... "We'll meet again."