Radiant Halo (Rafayel Tender Moment)
It's only one hour until the concert, yet I'm still struggling to put on my evening gown. Rafayel urges me to hurry up from the other side of the door.

Rafayel: Come on! We have to leave soon or Talia will nag me if we arrive late. Does the evening gown fit?

Main Character: Of course! I'll be out soon... Why can't I lace up the corset...?

Rafayel: That's just how high-end gowns are. If it weren't hard to wear, it'd be called sportswear.

Rafayel: I'm literally standing right here. You sure you're not gonna ask for my help?

I open the door, and Rafayel stands before me with an exasperated look on his face.

Main Character: All right then, if you would.

Rafayel: What are you staring at? Turn around.

Main Character: Right...

Rafayel: Can you hold your hair back?

Rafayel stands behind me and gives a few tugs on the gown's sash.

Main Character: Be gentle!

Rafayel: Any gentler and it'll fall off after a few steps. Done.

I turn around, holding my dress as I spin around in front of him.

Main Character: How is it? Elegant, right?

Rafayel: You're not just elegant, you're shining so brightly, you'll set the hall on fire.

Main Character: Oh, stop it! If your aunt heard the nonsense you're spouting, she'd berate you.

Rafayel: What do I have to be afraid of? You'll protect me.

Main Character: This evening gown is so tight. I can't even breathe properly...

Rafayel: Didn't eat much? Whoa, you made a huge sacrifice I see.

Main Character: I used to run with heavy sandbags tied to my body as part of my training. Breathing was hard work back then. This is nothing.

Rafayel: If I knew you were going to suffer, I'd have gotten you sportswear instead.

I walk to the door in the evening dress and put my shoes on the floor.

Main Character: Look, I even prepared high heels for this special occasion.

Rafayel: Those heels look frightening. Are you sure you're not going to wear sneakers?

Main Character: If you swap out your leather shoes for flip- flops, I'll wear my sneakers.

Rafayel: I might trip over myself in flip-flops though. Here, give me your hand. Try taking a couple of steps first.

I hold on to Rafayel's arm for support as I slip into my high heels and take my first few, wobbly steps.

Rafayel: The sight of you walking is enough to give me an anxiety attack... Make sure you hold on to my arm later.

Rafayel: I'll go get the bouquet for Talia. Lean on this wall for support while I'm away, okay?

Rafayel and I arrive at the dressing room in the back that's playing soothing classical music. Talia is already making preparations to go onstage.

Main Character: Hello, Ms. Talia—

Talia: Come have a seat. I still can't believe you arrived early today. That's rare.

Talia:I guess he has indeed grown a lot since you started seeing each other.

Rafayel: Well, I just came by to see how nervous you are. Don't read too much into it.

There are a couple of knocks at the door.

Talia: The reporter is here. I'll have to excuse myself now. Feel free to hang out here if you want.

Main Character: Thank you, Ms. Talia. I wish you all the best for your performance today.

Rafayel: And I wish your voice won't crack.

Ms. Talia gets up and leaves the dressing room. Rafayel and I sit down on the sofa.

Main Character: Your aunt looks busy. Maybe we shouldn't have come inside her dressing room...

Rafayel: Nah, she wouldn't mind. Plus the carpet here is soft, you can trip and fall as many times as you like.

Main Character: What did you just say?

Rafayel: You've been wobbling non-stop during our short walk here. If you plan on falling, why not just fall a couple times here first to get it out of your system.

Main Character: As if I would...

Rafayel: Come on. It's only the two of us here. No need to keep playing tough.

Rafayel: If you don't want to wear your heels, you can take them off. I'll pretend I'm not seeing anything.

Main Character: Hmph! Are you looking down on me? Wait, I just realized something. The only thing to fear is fear itself.

Main Character: As long as I'm able to overcome it, nothing can break me. I'll show you how pretty I am walking in these heels.

I confidently stand, using the sofa as support.

Rafayel: Are you sure you can control those heels just because you're a philosopher now?

Rafayel jinxes it, and I stumble on my first step.

Main Character: Ow...

Rafayel catches me in the nick of time as I unceremoniously trip and end up falling on top of him.

Rafayel: Are you okay? Did you sprain your ankle?

I quickly push myself off Rafayel to put some distance between us.

Main Character: ...I'm all right. Fine.

Rafayel: ...Of course you are. It was I who took the brunt of the blow.

Rafayel: My blood pressure has already spiked a couple times since I met you today.

Main Character: Chill out. It's not a big deal...

Rafayel: So you're insistent on wearing the heels?

Main Character: I don't get to wear such an elegant gown every day. I need to live with the consequences of my actions.

Rafayel: Well, you don't have to. It's not too late to change your mind now.

Main Character: What do you mean?

Rafayel: Careful, take a step back and sit down.

Rafayel pushes a paper bag in front of me as he helps me sit down on the sofa.

I open the bag and see a pair of sneakers inside.

Main Character: Isn't this supposed to have the bouquet for Ms. Talia? Why are my sneakers here?

Rafayel: I knew this was going to happen, so I brought these shoes along just in case you started to regret your decision.

Main Character: That's very considerate of you. I had no idea you were capable of...

Rafayel: It depends on the occasion. I have enough stuff to worry about already, so it's not like I'd do this for everyone.

Main Character: But these sneakers don't match my outfit.

Rafayel: Nah, lots of attendees take a pair of comfortable shoes along and change into them as soon as the event ends.

Rafayel: You're just changing into them a bit earlier than usual.

Main Character: More like way too early... Okay, if you say so. I'll change.

Rafayel takes the sneakers from the bag and kneels before me.

Main Character: T-there's no need, really! Pass me the shoes. I'll put them on myself!

Rafayel: Really? Then how do you plan to bend over in that tight evening gown?

Rafayel: Quit protesting! I don't want to redo your sash.

Main Character: (Why is he being so nice today...?)

He helps me put my shoes on and places the high heels in the bag.

Rafayel: Try standing up.

Main Character: I've regained my balance. Now I feel so light I could fly.

Rafayel: Are you going out like that?

Main Character: Why? Is something wrong?

Rafayel: When you fell, your makeup partly rubbed off on my clothes.

Main Character: What?! My makeup!

I hurry to the dressing table.

Main Character: I spent an hour and a half on this... Do we have time for me to redo it? Or we could wait for the lights to dim before heading over...

Rafayel picks up something from the dressing table and sits beside me.

Rafayel: Why are you getting flustered? Did you forget I was here? I just had a flash of inspiration. I can help you with the makeup.

Main Character: You know how to do makeup? When did you learn this?

Rafayel: Well I never actually did makeup, but I've painted stuff.

Main Character: You're treating my face as a canvas? You're such a...

Rafayel: I'm a natural artist, I know. Please, don't praise me yet. Compliments will only distract me and I'll lose my inspiration.

Rafayel: Come sit here and lift your chin a little.

The fluffy makeup brush moves lightly across my cheeks.

Main Character: Rafayel, I feel you've been…

Rafayel: Relax your face, keep it expressionless. If your facial muscles tense up, you'll get all these funny shadows on your face.

Main Character: I'm not tense!

Rafayel: Yes, you're completely relaxed. I'm the one being tense. Look, my hands are shaking so much. Sounds better?

Main Character: Weird. Why are you so easygoing today?...

Rafayel: ...

Main Character: Are you done? How about I do it myself...

Rafayel: Almost done. Don't talk yet.

I can feel Rafayel's breath on my skin. After assessing my face, he suddenly puts down the brush.

Main Character: ...Why did you stop?

Rafayel: To look at you.

Rafayel: Don't move your head. Look at me.

I feel him gently touch my cheeks with his fingers.

Main Character: You... If you're doing makeup, just stick to that. Why do you have to use your hands?!

Rafayel: A finger is the best brush for blurring colors into one another. This is how I paint all my paintings to create diffused, natural gradients of color.

Main Character: You really are treating me as your canvas...

Rafayel: What, do you have a problem with that? You know, my canvases are usually quiet.

Rafayel: An uncooperative canvas like you with a thousand rules about what I can and cannot draw... This is going to be a real challenge for me.

As Rafayel finishes my makeup, he passes me the compact.

Rafayel: Done. You may have a look.

I can't help but stare at my reflection in the mirror.

Main Character: This... looks better than the makeup I had just now. It's like you know my face better than I do... Rafayel, you're so...

Rafayel: Come on, admit it.

Main Character: It's nothing... You heard me wrong.

Rafayel: I understand. Truth doesn't need to be said out loud.

A melodious tune starts playing in the hall.

Rafayel: It's time. The performance is about to start.

Rafayel offers me his hand.

Rafayel: From now on, you'll really need to hold on to me.

Main Character: Puh-lease, I don't need that. I wonder if you can even keep up with me now.

Rafayel: Well... then hold on to me so you won't lose me, since I'll be your companion for the night.