Radiant Heart (Rafayel Tender Moment)
As I arrive at the studio, I hear Rafayel tussling with the cat we rescued.

Rafayel: Hey, stop it! And watch the claws! Scratch me again and I'll...

Main Character: Rafayel, I could hear your voice from the other side of the door. Have you packed up the cat's stuff? Her new family will be here soon—

Rafayel: You're finally here! Help me get this rascal off my head!

Main Character: Looks like you're getting along pretty well. She can't bear to leave you.

Rafayel: Oh, I bet. Do you know how fat she's gotten? I can feel my insides become permanently damaged when she walks all over me.

Main Character: Yeah, yeah... I'm here to save you.

Main Character: Hey kitty, come over here. Did he bully you? Huh? Why are your paws covered in paint?

Rafayel: She knocked over my paint bucket, so i had her sign a confession by printing her paw on my canvas.

Main Character: Your canvas has hundreds of paw prints... Just how many did you make her do?

Rafayel: I was too soft on her. I let her run around the canvas a couple of times. So she'll have enough paw prints for the confessions to come.

Rafayel: Even the cat gets pampered... When are you gonna start treating me the same way?

Main Character: You're an adult... Do you want me to carry you like a cat?

Rafayel: Well, since you suggested it...

Main Character: Nice try.

Rafayel: To think you've been on a mission and haven't stayed in touch all this time... And when you return, the first thing you do is look for people to adopt this cat.

Main Character: I had to. I thought you'd have your hands full dealing with the cat and wouldn't be able to concentrate on painting. I felt...

Rafayel: You felt bad for me?

Main Character: ...I felt bad for the cat.

Rafayel: It's okay. As long as you felt bad for us, it doesn't matter whom you felt bad for first.

Rafayel: Her new owner is here. Take her.

Main Character: Send us a video when you get home. Bye!

It was hard saying goodbye to the cat. I return to the living room and see Rafayel sitting and staring into space.

Main Character: Rafayel, why didn't you say goodbye?

Rafayel: Well, you see, I definitely won't be seeing her again. Saying farewell is just too... set in stone.

Main Character: You can't bear to part with her. I can see it on your face.

Rafayel: Really...?

Main Character: Yeah. It's the first time I've ever seen anyone allow another creature to leave paw prints on his face.

Rafayel: :...I'm going to wash my face. Give me a moment.

Main Character: Look out!

Rafayel: Ouch! Who left this on the ground?

Rafayel hops over to the sofa and cradles his knee.

Main Character: Are you okay?

Rafayel: No, my foot hurts.

Main Character: You've gotten a lot more whinier since I last saw you a few days ago. You will be totally fine if you put on some slippers.

Rafayel: No, I need to be barefoot to tap into my creativity.

Main Character: ...Well now that the cat is no longer around to distract you, you can get back to painting. Perhaps I should also—

Rafayel: Leaving already? Do you really see me as nothing more than a caretaker for the cat?

Main Character: I thought you urgently needed to get back to painting...

Rafayel: "Work is the best thing in the world, so we should save some of it for tomorrow."

Rafayel sprawls out on the sofa and looks at me. I squat down next to him.

Main Character: It's been a couple of days since we last saw each other, but something seems different about you.

Rafayel: Oh? Tell me what you've noticed.

Main Character: You've picked up some cat-like habits. You're getting lazy, just like a tabby cat.

Rafayel: Ah, as long as one of us isn't lazy. That's good enough.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: That mission took forever. There were many times when I wished I could go home... What have you been up to?

Rafayel: Petting the cat, painting... And when I didn't feel like doing anything, I would lie down and imagine you were beside me. Just like this.

Main Character: You really have changed. Sort of. You seem to be nicer now...?

Rafayel: Maybe it's because I haven't seen you for a while.

Rafayel: Come closer.

Main Character: Hmm?

A moment passes. Rafayel reaches out and strokes my hair.

Main Character: Can't get enough of petting cats...?

Rafayel: You have cat fur on your head. Quite a lot of it actually.

Main Character: Let me look in the mirror.

Rafayel: Don't move, I'll help you take care of it.

He gently removes the fur stuck to my hair and clothes.

Rafayel: I did a lot of things that I would've never imagined doing.

Main Character: Oh?

Rafayel: I blow-dried the cat's fur with a hair dryer.

Rafayel: I even bought cat teasers in 36 different colors. And 12 different flavors of dried fish.

Main Character: If I had known you liked her so much, I would have let you keep her.

Rafayel: It's not that. I was a little... anxious.

Main Character: How come?

Rafayel: I wanted to divert my attention. You know the feeling when you dial a number and can't bring yourself to press the call button?

Main Character: ...You could have called me. I wasn't that busy.

Rafayel: I know.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: Did that calm you down?

Rafayel: Maybe.

Rafayel: And then I called the cat by your name.

Main Character: Really...?

Rafayel: I said, "Natsu! Where are you?"

He falls silent after that, continuing to gently comb my hair with his fingers.

Rafayel: Okay, I'm done. Try not to get cat hair all over yourself again.

Main Character: They just sent me a video. The cutie's gotten used to her new home. She ate a meal, cuddled a little, then fell asleep. They don't want us to worry.

Rafayel, who was drawing, suddenly throws the blank drawing board aside.

Rafayel: She's heartless. As I expected. She already forgot me after a few minutes.

Main Character: Of course. We have to adapt to our environment. How else would we survive?

Rafayel: But she was all over me for the past two days. How can she just cozy up to someone else so easily?

Main Character: ...

Main Character: All good things must come to an end. That's how life is. As humans, we have to say goodbye someday. Besides, she's only a cat and it was by chance that she came into your life.

Main Character: Cheer up! Anyway, it's getting dark. I'm leaving. Don't stay up too late painting.

Rafayel: Huh? Is the world ending? Have Wanderers taken over Linkon City?

Main Character: Uh, no. Why do you ask?

Rafayel: Then you can't leave. I haven't seen you in so long. I want to spend more time with you.

Main Character: Rafayel, you've been acting strange since we sent the cat away... Is something bothering you?

Rafayel: ...It's nothing. My emotions were ready to overflow. I simply expressed them, that's all.

Main Character: Something's obviously up. Your hair's standing on end.

Rafayel: Standing on end? I don't think that's even possible for me.

Main Character: I'll take a photo if you don't believe me. These two strands of hair have a mind of their own.

I reach out to grab Rafayel's face while taking a photo with my phone.

Rafayel: Fine, I believe you! There's no need to take a picture...

Rafayel tries to avoid my hand, but I was faster.

Main Character: There, there. Stop squirming like a cat hiding away from your shot.

Rafayel: Well, the shot's been given. Why are you still holding onto the cat?

Main Character: Sorry, I forgot how I tend to tense up when I'm watching someone else get their shot.

Rafayel: It's the first time someone's ever grabbed my head and forced me to take a photo.

Rafayel: Wouldn't it be better to just help me fix my hair?

I tousle his hair, messing it up even more.

Main Character: Or I can mess it up and make those strands less obvious. I'll keep this photo of an angry Rafayel to commemorate the occasion.

Rafayel: Are you done? Now it's my turn.

Main Character: What are you…

Rafayel: Didn’t you want to leave? I'm letting you go home.

Rafayel takes hold of my hand and pulls, causing me to fall into his lap.

Main Character: !!!

As I try to get up, he presses down on my arm, trapping my hand in his.

Rafayel: Oh? Are you afraid? You seemed pretty brave a moment ago.

Main Character: What? I'm not...

Rafayel: You were right. "We all have to say goodbye someday." The closer we are to someone, the harder it is to go our separate ways.

Rafayel: I'm not used to saying goodbye. So, to prevent you from forgetting me like that cat once you get home...

Rafayel looks down, opens my hand, then leans down and plants a kiss on my palm.

Main Character: Raf—Rafayel, what are you—

Rafayel: I'm leaving my print on you.

Rafayel: Don't ever leave me without saying anything.

Main Character: …What are you talking about? Why would I leave you?

Rafayel: You wouldn't now, of course.

Rafayel: But if one day, should you forget me once I'm no longer with you, just like that heartless creature, I won't let you off easy.