Rainbow Strokes (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Rafayel: Did you have to explain to every passenger we passed on the plane that I was afraid of heights, not crazy? Everyone kept staring at me because of you.

Main Character: You were clutching me the whole time. I can't feel my arm...

Rafayel: It's numb? Fine, I'll carry your bag then.

Rafayel slides my bag off my shoulders and slings it across his.

Rafayel: I was contemplating the other day where I should go to get inspiration when my eyes fell on the antique jigsaw puzzle we pieced together.

Rafayel: The scenery was remarkable, but it wasn't easy to find out where the place was. I spent quite a lot of time looking for it.

Rafayel: It always gets a little lonely traveling alone. That's why I asked you along.

Main Character: So that's why you called me in the middle of the night. It was a spur-of-the-moment thing.

Rafayel: Of course not, I asked you to come along because-

Main Character: Because of what?

Rafayel: I'll tell you when we get there.

Staff: Ma'am, I've just received a notification. I regret to inform you that the ground staff at your origin airport did not load your luggage onto the plane.

Rafayel: It wasn't loaded onto the plane? You mean we have a piece of luggage left in the Linkon Airport?

Staff: I do apologize for the inconvenience. When it arrives, I'll arrange for it to be sent immediately to your accommodation.

Main Character: How can a screw-up like this happen? If I don't have my luggage, how am I going to...

As soon as I stop talking, I hear the thunder roar.

Rafayel: Let's put that aside for now. At least my luggage made it. It's the rainy season and it may rain anytime, so let's head over to the inn first.

Rafayel: It's been awhile since I've been to such as pastoral place. If only we had a red convertible! We'd blaze through the grasslands.

Staff: A convertible? Why, we do happen to have that. Please follow me outside.

Walking out of the airport, a "convertible" unlike any other stops before us.

Rafayel: Does this ox cart... count as a convertible?

Staff: This is how we welcome guests around these parts. We even have a professional driver!

Rafayel: ...It's not too bad, very rural.

After a bumpy ride on the ox cart, we finally arrive at the inn. There's flamenco music playing in the lobby.

Rafayel: We're finally here. The ox cart was even worse than the plane.

Main Character: Is the receptionist speaking the local language? I can't understand a single word...

Rafayel: Hand me your passport and wait for me.

Rafayel speaks to the innkeeper in their language, and they seem to hit it off. He comes back after quite some time.

Rafayel: I have good news, bad news, and more good news. Which do you want to hear first?

Main Character: Don't beat around the bush. Tell me in that order.

Rafayel: The first piece of good news is that this is a lucky inn. The couples who stayed here got married when they went back.

Main Character: How is this good news?! And the bad news?

Rafayel: The bad news is- they have only one room left.

Main Character: I knew it... Are there other inns nearby?

Rafayel: There's another one 50 km away. That is, if you fancy an overnight ride in the ox cart...

Main Character: Urgh, stop. What else?

Rafayel: The next piece of good news is that we're not far from the giant rock formation. It's a walkable distance.

Rafayel: The boss said that after a rain like this, the evening scenery is to die for. I can't wait to see it.

Main Character: Now? So the issue with the room...?

Rafayel: In such rural areas, there may not be another inn beyond the village, so I've taken the room.

Before I could react, Rafayel grabs my hand and pulls me toward the exit.

Rafayel: We can sort out the room issue later, but the scenery won't wait around for us. Let's go!

Rafayel and I walk through the wasteland that stretches as far as the eye can see. The lonely rock formation lies in the distance.

Main Character: The wind is so strong. Will we get there before the grassland becomes a wasteland?

Rafayel: I see it. It's up ahead.

Main Character: Doesn't look like it. Have we come to the wrong place...?

Rafayel: My memory is more dependable than anything. The rock formation is exactly the same as the jigsaw puzzle. Once we get closer, you'll see the resemblance.

Main Character: Something's off... Hold on, let me compare it to the photo.

I take out my phone and scroll through the photos for a picture of the jigsaw puzzle.

Rafayel: I can't believe you took a photo of the jigsaw!

Main Character: Rafayel, this place is different from the photo!

Rafayel: Hmm? Let me see...

Rafayel leans in and his eyes widen as he looks at the photo.

Rafayel: No way... It's really somewhere else...

Main Character: We came to the wrong place! And we wasted 18 hours on the plane just to get here!

Rafayel: Uhhh... Blame it on the rocks for looking the same...

Rafayel: But since we're here, the scenery is pretty nice, wouldn't you say so?

Main Character: I don't know... I wasted my annual leave, my luggage got lost, and the destination was a mistake...

Main Character: I don't want to talk right now...

Rumbling thunder fills the air, and soon enough, there's a heavy downpour.

Rafayel: The weather forecast is pretty accurate at least. Rain in the evening... good thing I came prepared.

Rafayel opens his umbrella.

Rafayel: Come here. I only brought one.

Main Character: No, I'm exhausted. I just want some time to myself.

Rafayel: I'll come over there then.

Rafayel: The rain's stopped. Are you just going to sit there and stare into space? Won't you look at me?

Main Character: Even if I'm not looking at you, I know you're all wet. Why did you even bother bringing another umbrella?

Rafayel: I brought it for you. I'm used to getting soaked in the rain.

Rafayel closes the umbrella and gently nags me.

Rafayel: Hey, stop looking down and set your gaze towards the horizon more. It's easier on your eyes.

I look up, seeing the spectacular array of light in the sky that appeared after the rain.

Main Character: ...Whoa. That's a beautiful rainbow!

Rafayel: Yeah, it's been there for a while. You were intent on ignoring me, so I had to admire it on my own.

Rafayel: Don't you think this rainbow looks familiar?

Main Character: The rainbow... If I remember correctly, there was a rainbow on the jigsaw puzzle as well?

Rafayel: Good memory. Actually, I took you out here to see the rainbow.

Main Character: Not the giant rock formation?

Rafayel: Did I say that?

Main Character: Trying to deny it, I see...

Rafayel: I recall that day when we were solving the jigsaw puzzle. You said it would be great if you could see it for yourself.

Main Character: That was just a random thought. I forgot about it the moment it left my mouth...

Rafayel: I know you're moved, but don't look at me like that. I have enough capacity in my brain to store what you say.

Main Character: ...My unhappiness just now wasn't aimed at you.

Rafayel: It's okay, I understand how you feel.

Rafayel: Hiking through the wilderness to see a giant rock formation. That does make more sense than coming all this way only to see a rainbow.

Rafayel: True, rainbows can be seen anywhere, but it's hard to see the entire arc in the city. Those skyscrapers always get in the way.

Rafayel: It's the rainy season here, so use this opportunity to take in as much of it as you can.

And that's when the rain starts to fall once more.

Rafayel: It's raining again.

Rafayel holds the umbrella over me as the rain pitter-patters against it.

Rafayel: You asked me why I chose to invite you along on our way here. Well, I think—

Rafayel: Sharing this view with someone less special to me would only render its beauty meaningless.

Rafayel: If it wasn't for you, I could never convince myself to get on a plane. My heart skipped a beat at every drop during turbulence.

Rafayel: That being said, though, with you at my side... I suddenly realized it probably wasn't the turbulence that caused my heart to skip a beat.

Rafayel: After that, it no longer felt so unbearable.