Scorching Rain (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: "According to data from Linkon City's Statistics Bureau, more than 50% of single women have experienced harassment of varying degrees by strangers..."

Staff: Here is your dessert. Bon appétit!

Rafayel: Why do you get an extra scoop of ice cream when we paid the same price.

Main Character: Because the last time I was here, I helped the shopkeeper and taught a lecherous pervert a lesson, so she always gives me extra.

Rafayel: You're really running around Linkon City every day doing heroic deeds.

Main Character: I'm not like you. You only care about yourself and don't give a damn about the people around you.

Rafayel: And have you experienced something similar before?

Main Character: I'm an experienced hunter. Even if someone tried, I'd kick their butt in a matter of seconds.

Rafayel: And if the bad guys happen to be more experienced than you are? I'll bet all you can do is scare away low-level Wanderers.

Main Character: Actually, I do feel like I'm being followed lately. Perhaps it's just my imagination...

Main Character: But every time I turn around to see who it is, no one's there.

Rafayel: If you're done with your ice cream, let's go.

Main Character: Where do you want to go? I'm tired after spending the whole day shopping for art supplies with you...

Rafayel: It's late. I'll walk you home.

Main Character: Wow, so considerate all of a sudden?

Rafayel: Didn't you just say I don't care about people around me?

Rafayel brushes the crumbs off his hands as he gets up to leave.

Rafayel: I'll care about the people around me from now on. Starting from you.

Rafayel: Come to think of it, the bad guys are looking for an easy target and you tick all the boxes.

Rafayel: A young woman living alone who often goes out at night, with an irregular working time schedule.

Main Character: Or maybe I've just been watching the news too much.

Rafayel: Having an extra pair of eyes will help you identify suspicious activities. Let's follow the route you take every day back home. Who knows, we might find something.

Night falls and shops on both sides of the street light up. There's a lot of traffic on the streets.

{{Script/speaker|Vendor|Fried buns! Don't miss out! Ten per box! Get 50% off the second box!

Main Character: We'll take two!

Fruit Shop Owner: Try the juiciest apples in Linkon! We have everything from strawberries to mangoes to kiwifruit!

Main Character: Give me the biggest ones you have of each!

Rafayel: : ...This road is dangerous indeed.

By the time we get to my place, Rafayel's arms are carrying the snacks I bought.

Rafayel: I'm surprised you manage to get home safely. It can't be easy.

Main Character: Well, I need to reward myself after a day of hard work. A haughty artist like you will never understand the happiness that good food brings.

I pick up a peeled sweet chestnut and present it to Rafayel.

He hesitates, not knowing how to react, then leans in and takes a bite from my hand.

Rafayel: Mmm, it's pretty good.

Main Character: ...I didn't say I'd feed you.

Rafayel: Then hold your own bags.

Rafayel: All right, go in already. We didn't notice anything along the way today, but you can't let your guard down.

Rafayel: I'll come have a look again tomorrow.

Rafayel: You might not be able to finish this, so I'll help you with this bag of sweet chestnuts.

Main Character: Excuses, excuses! You just want more!

And just like that, three days have passed. Our reconnaissance operations still yielded nothing.

Main Character: It's been three days and we haven't found any stalkers, not even Wanderers.

Rafayel: You visited three dessert shops, two fruit stands, and one convenience store on average per day for the past three days.

Rafayel: Your route is so complicated. If I were stalking you, I'd have given up long ago.

Main Character: Well, those snacks are difficult to resist...

Main Character: Speaking of which, the clerk at the convenience store gave me some samples of a pastry they're selling. Wanna try it?

Rafayel: Shh! Look over there! Is someone watching us?

As soon as he finishes speaking, a booming voice comes from behind him.

??: You. Stop right there.

Rafayel and I exchange glances then turn around simultaneously.

{{Script/speaker|Vendor|My savior! Finally I found you!

Rafayel: ?

An honest-looking, middle-aged man rushes toward me. He hands me a pennant with both hands while bowing.

{{Script/speaker|Vendor|It was you who saved me from a Wanderer nearby!

Main Character: ...Oh! Please, there's no need to do that!

Eventually, I understand what he meant after listening to his overexcited explanation.

I keep telling him it was nothing, and he eventually bows some more before leaving.

Rafayel: You hunters are an elusive bunch, so he's been waiting nearby for you to show up to thank you in person.

Rafayel: All hunters wear similar-looking uniforms, so he wasn't sure who is who. That's why he's been watching you…

Rafayel: Heh, I see.

Main Character: So I've been getting this feeling of being followed because of him?

Rafayel and I stand under the street light, looking at the stamped gilt lettering on the envelope, lost in thought.

Rafayel: "A beautiful kind soul"... Who could this be referring to?

Main Character: Haha, why, you're looking at her! Yours truly, of course!

Main Character: Maybe I have been overthinking things because I watch too much news. Thanks for your help. I'll treat you to dinner somewhere nice tomorrow!

Rafayel: No need. I've been getting too much food these past few days.

Rafayel: Go on in, I'll wait till you go up.

I say goodbye to Rafayel, and then go upstairs. Suddenly it starts to rain.

Main Character: It's raining pretty hard. Without an umbrella, he'll probably catch a cold, then call me nonstop to make me bring him medicine...

I hesitate for a second before grabbing two umbrellas and head downstairs.

Not far from my block, I spot someone who appears to have fallen in the heavy rain.

With the illumination from the street lights, I see it's the clerk from the convenience store frequent.

Main Character: Are you all right?

Stranger: I... I'm fine. Thank you.

Right when I try to help him up, a taser strikes me.

My legs give out from underneath me. As my body collapses...

Stranger: Tell me! Who is that guy you've been hanging out with lately?

Main Character: ...W-what are you t-talking about?

Stranger: You've been dropping hints at me so often... Why would you date another man?!

He tightens his grip on my wrist, voice growing increasingly desperate by the second.

Stranger: You've been playing hard to get for so long, but I'll forgive you. I know you want to be my girl!

Main Character: Let me go...!

Stranger: Ow! Who—

A pebble flies through the darkness to hit the man in the hand he's grabbing me with.

He gets up and frantically looks for the attacker, only to be pummeled by an onslaught of pebbles" hitting him in the eyes and forehead.

Stranger: Damn! Who is it?! Come out and face me! Gawfff...

Another pebble lands in his mouth, effectively shutting him up.

When the man can't find the attacker, he crouches and tries to grab me again, attempting to use me as a shield.

A crimson string of flames stops him in his tracks, restraining his arm in a flash.

Stranger: Ouch!

Rafayel: Who said you could touch her?

Pebbles fall like rain before me. These are the sweet chestnuts Rafayel took with him!

Main Character: Rafayel!

Rafayel pulls me up from the ground and drapes his coat over me.

Rafayel: I know you must be so eager to thank me, but let's save that for later.

Main Character: ...He has a taser. Watch out!

Rafayel: A taser? Great, I'll give him something to taser.

Rafayel wraps an arm around my waist. Crimson flames slither through the darkness at a flick of his finger, illuminating the entire street.

Stranger: Arrrgh! Who, who are you?

Rafayel: I've been staying with her these past. few days and we've been sharing everything. Isn't it obvious what our relationship is?

Stranger: ...You're lying! She loves me! Stop meddling in our business!

Several more strings of flames surround him as soon as he said that, knocking the taser he held to the ground.

Rafayel: Oh. And how are you going to prove that?

Stranger: She gives me suggestive looks every time she buys stuff from my store!

Main Character: I've never!

Rafayel: Maybe she just has twitchy eyelids.

Main Character: …You're the one with twitchy eyelids!

Stranger: She... She smiled at me!

Rafayel: She smiles at me on a daily basis. And she throws in her teeth when she smiles.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: Heh, imagine living in such nonsensical fantasies, with your head so far up your butt.

People living nearby seem to have been attracted by the sounds of struggle, and they walk over.

Police officers patrolling the area are made aware of what happened, and soon that man is arrested.

As my assaulter is escorted away, I stand on the roadside with Rafayel, his coat still draped over my shoulders.

Main Character: I would've easily beaten him up if it wasn't a sneak attack...

Rafayel: You don't need to act tough. No one said you couldn't.

Rafayel: Can you still walk? Do you need my help?

Main Character: That taser got me pretty bad. My legs still aren't working...

Rafayel: Sigh, oh well. I'll lend you my strength for a while longer, being the kind person that I am.

Rafayel picks me up and carries me in his arms, much to my surprise.

Main Character: I... You...!

Rafayel: Beggars can't be choosers. I'd rather carry you because I don't like giving piggyback rides. I’d look like a sea turtle…

Boy: Look, Mom! What are they doing?

A boy watches us curiously, but his mother quickly covers his eyes.

Mother: Shush! Don't interrupt their date!

Main Character: …

Rafayel: ...

By the time we're done giving our statements to the police, it's almost midnight.

Rafayel: Turns out his Evol is "inconspicuousness." No wonder we never noticed anything...

Main Character: Who would have thought... And here I thought the clerk always gave me extra snacks to thank me for my help...

The rain doesn't seem to be letting up. Standing under the apartment building's roof, we look up at the night sky in silence.

Main Character: Oh right, why did you come back for me? Did you sense something was off?

Rafayel: It was raining and I didn't have an umbrella, so I came back to borrow one.

Main Character: The 24-hour convenience stores nearby don't have umbrellas?

Rafayel: I happen to have forgotten my wallet when I left my house today.

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: And you? Why did you rush out of your home in the middle of the night when it's raining outside?

Main Character: I... I wanted to take a stroll.

Rafayel chuckles. He takes the umbrella from me and opens it, holding it over my head.

Rafayel: Let's go then.

Rafayel: We have a stormy night ahead of us. It's the ideal time for a stroll.