Tipsy (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Main Character: Insect repellent, check. Medicine, check. First aid kit-

Rafayel: Hey.

Main Character: Why are you here already? Did I get the time wrong?

Rafayel: Nah, I just left the house early.

Main Character: You don't usually do that.

Rafayel: I'm the epitome of change, excuse you. You've known me for a long time. Shouldn't you be used to this by now?

Main Character: You change before I have a chance to get used to anything... Anyway, I'm not done packing.

Rafayel: I can come back again later if you want.

Main Character: No, no, come on in... It's a little messy though. Have a seat.

I unconsciously start to pack faster. Rafayel glances at my luggage.

Rafayel: Is one suitcase enough for a two-month trip?

Main Character: Training, eating, sleeping... Won't be doing anything else. I don't need that many things.

Rafayel: But do you need such a big first aid kit?

Rafayel stares at the first aid kit in my hand. I hurriedly stick it in my suitcase.

Main Character: You're awfully concerned about my luggage. Are you worried about me?

Rafayel: Who's worried? You're off to training camp, not the battlefield.

Main Character: Exactly, training camp isn't like being on a mission. We hold back when sparring with our peers.

Grinning from ear-to-ear, I look at Rafayel. He pouts and suddenly pinches my cheek.

Rafayel: Buuut it's hard to trust someone who doesn't always keep their word.

Rafayel: Like when they say not to worry despite always coming back covered in, ahem, "minor injuries."

Guilty as charged. I rub my face.

Main Character: If you were confident in my fighting skills, you'd know this first aid kit was prepared for other people.

Rafayel: Yeah, yeah. If you come back covered in injuries again, you'll lose any remaining credibility you have left.

Rafayel raises an eyebrow as he stares at me. I hurriedly zip up my suitcase.

Main Character: I promise I'll come back unscathed... Let me change and we'll get some food.

Rafayel: Go. I'll sign for it.

Rafayel: The packaging is torn. Is that okay?

Main Character: Help me see what's in it. I recently bought so many things to prepare for training camp. I don't even remember what they were.

The zipper on the back of my dress gets stuck halfway. Reluctantly, I open the door.

Main Character: Rafayel, can you-

I see Rafayel looking surprised as he takes out photos from the box. Horror creeps down my spine.

Main Character: Wait! D-don't look!

Rafayel is holding two photos, one is of us and the other is of him.

Rafayel: Getting photos developed? Not everyone does that these days, you know. Were you feeling nostalgic?

Main Character: ...I just wanted to see how good they were at developing photos.

Rafayel: Oh? Well, they're pretty good. The colors are faithful to the original, and the printing quality is nice. This is an expert opinion from me as an artist.

Rafayel: Rafayel looks calm, but there is a twinkle of mirth in his eyes.

Rafayel: Aaah, now I remember. You said you'd have to hand over your phone when checking into the training camp. Can only use it on weekends.

Main Character: ...Since when did your memory get this good?

Rafayel: My memory's always been good when it comes to you.

Main Character: I'd rather you go back to having a goldfish memory and forgetting everything you saw here.

Rafayel: Science has proven that goldfish have a memory longer than seven seconds.

Main Character: Whatever... Make fun at me if you want. I'm keeping those.

Rafayel: And where do you plan to put them, huh? Your wallet? A picture frame? Or are you gonna place them by your bedside?

I feel myself blush. I snatch the photos and leave.

Main Character: Like I'm going to tell you.

Rafayel: Ahem, um... Your zipper...

I freeze. I had completely forgotten about it!

Rafayel: I'll help you with that.

Rafayel leans down and looks at the zipper. I feel his warm breath tickling my skin. Maybe it's my imagination.

Rafayel: Looks like the inner lining got caught in it.

Main Character: This kind of dress always causes me problems. I should probably stop wearing them.

Rafayel: Why? Don't you have me?

Rafayel: Last time I helped you with the straps, and now I'll help you fix the zipper. I know what to do.

Rafayel suddenly leans closer, and the tip of his nose accidentally brushes against my back, causing me to tense.

Main Character: :W-what are you doing?

Rafayel: Don't move.

Out of the corner of my eye, I catch a glimpse of him in the living room mirror, his lips almost touching my back.

Rafayel waves a thread in front of me.

Rafayel: This was stuck in your zipper.

Rafayel: ...Are you feeling hot?

Main Character: I-it's fine... I'll do it myself.

Rafayel: I've already started. Let me finish the job.

Rafayel moves my hair out of the way with one hand and continues zipping up my dress with the other.

Rafayel: Dresses like these suit you. If you find them troublesome, just ask me for help.

His breath tickles my ear, and I make a joke to hide my nervousness.

Main Character: The next time that might happen would be two months later. You'd be out of practice by then.

Rafayel pauses for a second, then grins.

Rafayel: It's only two months. It'll be over before you know it.

Rafayel: If you're ready, we can head out now.

Main Character: How did you find this place? This blanched conch is really fresh.

Rafayel: Enjoy it while it lasts. This is all you're getting for the next two months.

Main Character: You make it sound as if I were going to the middle of nowhere. The food at our training camp is pretty good. They have everything.

Rafayel: Everything?

Rafayel's hand, which is holding his fork, stops. He gives a knowing smile.

Rafayel: That would explain all the instant food in your bag, hmm?

Main Character: ...We all need a bit of junk food to bring some joy into our lives.

Rafayel: Aside from icky junk food, I bet they don't have this either, yeah?

Rafayel swirls the glass of beer in his hand.

Main Character: They don't. Alcohol is prohibited during training.

Rafayel: Well, tonight's your last chance to let loose then.

Main Character: What if I get drunk and say weird stuff?

Rafayel smiles and takes a swig.

Rafayel: Relax, I'll definitely be drunk before you and won't remember anything.

Rafayel: Cheers!

I don't know how much time has passed. My head feels heavy.

Main Character: When I get back in two months, I wonder if you'll be skinny and starving from working so late at night.

Rafayel's face is flushed from the alcohol, and he lazily smiles.

Rafayel: I could say the same thing. After a few months, I might not be able to recognize you.

Main Character: Then take a good look at me now.

Rafayel's gaze falls gently on my face.

Rafayel: You already drunk?

Main Character: You're the one who's drunk. Look at how red you are... To think the last thing I see before I leave is your drunken face.

Looking at me, Rafayel slumps forward on the table.

Rafayel: Wanna take a photo of me and develop it? You have my permission.

Main Character: Are you going to joke about this for the next two months?

Rafayel: I have to admit I do wanna laugh when I think about it... But I don't see it as a joke.

Main Character: Then I'll commit your drunkenness to memory and laugh at you for the next two months!

Rafayel: Sure. Now we both have memories that will last us a while.

Rafayel looks at me with a fiery gaze. It's so intense that it feels like it could set me on fire.

Main Character: Aren't your eyes tired?

Rafayel: You were the one who wanted me to burn your image into my brain.

Rafayel: If I don't take a good, long look, how can the memories stay vivid over the next two months?

Rafayel and I walk leisurely back home. We pass a fountain in the middle of the street and stop at the same time.

Main Character: ...I had a great time today.

Rafayel takes a box about the size of his hand out of his coat pocket. He opens it to reveal a necklace with a locket.

Rafayel: I was planning to give you this at your place, but couldn't find the right time.

I open the locket and see a tiny painting made with delicate brushstrokes. It's a picture of a red flame.

Main Character: You painted this?

Rafayel: I should have developed a photo of myself and put it inside.

Main Character: You-

He laughs, and there's a smile in his eyes.

Rafayel: Can I put it on for you?

I nod and turn around. Rafayel unclasps the necklace and puts it around my neck. The touch of his fingers, as light as a feather, tickle my collarbone and nape.

Rafayel: It'll keep you company for the next two months.

Main Character: I haven't left, but it sure feels like it's going to be the longest two months of my life...

Rafayel's fingers pause behind my neck. He leans over and whispers in my ear.

Rafayel: I agree.

Caressing my nape with his fingers, he takes his time to brush aside my hair.

Rafayel: I wish these two months would be over in the blink of an eye... But two months is equal to eight weeks, which is equal to 56 days. That's 1/6th of a year.

Rafayel: It's not that long, but I wonder what can be done to help pass the time when we can't see each other.

Main Character: I'll call you on the weekends.

Rafayel: Then I'll be waiting for your call.

Rafayel leans over and kisses the nape of my neck.

Main Character: Rafayel?

I turn around, and Rafayel places his hands firmly on my shoulders. His scent envelops me.

Rafayel: Will you remember a night like this for two months?

Main Character: I don't know... We're both kind of drunk. Who knows, I might forget by tomorrow morning.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel kisses me, and my mind goes blank. Dazed, I stare at him.

Rafayel: I'll make sure you won't be able to forget. Even if you wanted to.

He gently leaves a trail of kisses from my cheeks to the tip of my nose, near the corners of my eyes.

Rafayel: Not even for two months, just don't ever forget about me. Please... remember me.