Whalefall Lament (Rafayel Tender Moment)
Rafayel: It's so early... I left instructions to leave the delivery downstairs and not to send it up...

Main Character: Rafayel, I have something incredibly urgent that I need your help with!

Rafayel: ...Huh? It's you?

Main Character: Remember the beached baby whale we rescued two months ago?

Rafayel: What about it? It took on a human form and paid you a visit?

Main Character: No, it's gone missing!

Rafayel: ...Huh?

Rafayel holds a cup of iced coffee as he sits on the sofa, ruminating on what I just told him.

Rafayel: So, you're saying... The Marine Life Research Division cannot detect its movements, and it might be seriously injured?

Main Character: I'm worried it might be worse than just an injury.

Rafayel: ...That's not unlikely, but survival of the fittest is the rule of the sea.

Rafayel: If it's injured and isn't able to return to its pod, there's a high chance something bad has happened to it.

Main Character: But I've been reading online updates about it every day. I've developed an attachment to it from looking at its pictures.

Rafayel: Don't get too upset. This day will come for all living creatures.

Main Character: What are you talking about?!

Rafayel: I mean you will meet it again if fate wills it.

Main Character: Actually, I came here today to ask you if you have a way to locate it?

Rafayel: It's a whale, not a dog or a cat. What, are you suggesting broadcasting an underwater missing whale announcement or roping in the crabs to give out missing whale flyers?

Main Character: You're both marine creatures. Maybe you have some kind of telepathy.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel: Fine, there's a way, but disclaimers first: I can't guarantee you it would work.

Rafayel: And even if we do find it, you're only allowed to watch it from afar.

Main Character: Got it! I'm happy as long as you're willing to help.

Rafayel: Come with me then.

Never did I expect that Rafayel would actually take me to the harbor nearby.

He rents a yacht and we sail to the center of the sea.

Rafayel: This place should work.

Rafayel: Let me put it out there that searching for a whale in the sea is no different from searching for a needle in a haystack. Don't get your hopes up.

Main Character: Of course. I'm more than ready.

Rafayel: So. Who's diving first? You or me?

Without answering his question, I put on my goggles and drag Rafayel into the sea with me.

Main Character: Let's go!

Rafayel: Hey! Stop yanking!

Main Character: Heh... Diving sure is fun!

Rafayel: Take off those large goggles, open your eyes, and look at me. Try to breathe slowly.

Rafayel slowly takes off my goggles and I open my eyes. To my surprise, I don't feel any discomfort.

Rafayel: It's no different from being on land, is it?

Main Character: ...I can breathe and talk! Is this the protective sphere that you Lemurians have?

Rafayel: I love how unworldly and guileless you are.

Rafayel: Follow me closely and don't leave my side if you don't want any mishaps to happen at sea.

Main Character: You're taking me to the baby blue whale? You know where it is?

Main Character: I say, Rafayel, do you marine creatures really have some kind of blood bond?

Rafayel: ...You're so interested in us marine creatures. Are you obsessed?

Main Character: I'm just curious...

Main Character: Look, there are so many red fishies, and yellow fishies, and blue fishies...

Rafayel: If you don't know their names, don't make things up.

Main Character: It must have been great to grow up here, right?

Rafayel: Yeah, the fish here are delicious.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: And what's that?

A giant white skeleton sits at the bottom of the sea, and fish of all sizes swim through its gaps.

Rafayel: It's the skeleton of an adult Bryde's whale. It's been dead for a long time, not the one we're looking for.

He takes me through an underwater cave hidden by coral as we navigate around some complicated, underwater hilly terrain.

I have lost track of how long we swam, but we eventually stop.

Moving aside seaweed as tall as half a person, he leads me onto a stretch of seabed covered in white sand.

The water around us is crystal clear, and before me stands a magnificent palace of glass.

Main Character: It's so pretty...

Rafayel: This is one of the Lemurian ruins.

Rafayel walks up to the center of the grand hall, staring up at the fish swimming in the dome above us.

Main Character: If these are ruins, doesn't that mean this place is full of treasure?

Rafayel: Yes, you could very well be stepping on the bones of an ancient Lemurian right now.

Main Character: ...Uh, excuse me.

A few broken statues are partially buried in the sand, and uneven pillars still stand. Even so, anyone who visits the site is able to see how opulent it was in its heyday.

Rafayel: This used to be the grand hall, where Lemurians would pray and worship.

Main Character: ...You're not planning on praying to find the baby blue whale, are you?

Rafayel: ...It seems you don't think too highly of my intelligence.

Rafayel: I just remembered something hidden here that may help you in finding the baby blue whale.

Rafayel swims to the center of the glass hall and free falls onto the intricately decorated ground.

He walks to the far end of the great hall, bends down, and pries a tile loose. After fiddling with something inside, he pulls out an ornate box.

Main Character: What treasure does it hold?

Rafayel: Take a guess.

Main Character: It must be very valuable to be hidden in a place like this.

Rafayel: It's not that valuable. This is just a whale whistle. Blowing on it will call nearby whales over. I've never tried it myself, though.

Rafayel: Do you want to try it?

I tentatively blow the whale whistle, still skeptical.

After a few sonorous, far-reaching whistles, we wait patiently for a long time. The ocean around us remains as calm as ever.

Main Character: I'll try again?

I blow the whistle again. Still, nothing happens.

Rafayel: Oh well. I guess the adults lied to me after all.

Main Character: But if the whistle is hidden in such an important place, it must hold some kind of special power.

Rafayel: You're overthinking. I was the one who buried it here.

Rafayel turns and walks to the windows alone.

Rafayel: I loved exploring the nooks and crannies of the ocean when I was a kid. The adults couldn't keep me from sneaking out, and they were worried for my safety. So they gave me that whale whistle.

Rafayel: One blow of this whistle and the nearby whales would be summoned over to escort me home, or so they said.

Sitting on the window sill, he plays with the seaweed growing in the crevices with his fingers.

Rafayel: Whenever I tried to sneak outside again after receiving the whistle, I was either caught on the spot or scared off by the sharks. I never had a chance to try it out.

Rafayel: And then... Many more years passed. Eventually, I decided to bury it here.

Main Character: ...

Main Character: Maybe you're right. Something bad happened to the baby blue whale, so it won't hear me blowing this whistle no matter how many times I try.

Main Character: Look, the fish don't seem to be afraid of us.

Rafayel: You're the first human they've ever seen. They don't know what it means to be afraid.

Fish swim over to kiss Rafayel's fingers as he gazes up, holding out his hands.

Rafayel: For us Lemurians, death is more of a blessing than a curse.

Rafayel: All creatures born in the ocean inevitably return to it in the end, becoming one with its eternal blue. Our lives are immortalized in this way.

Rafayel: Despite the baby blue whale's demise, it is still here in the ocean with us, and it has become one with the water.

Rafayel: Perhaps one day when I die, I’ll become one with the water too.

Rays of light shine through the waves, casting a soft glow on Rafayel's billowing white shirt.

There's a kind of sorrow on his face that I can't comprehend.

Main Character: ...Rafayel.

Main Character: You said every creature born in the ocean will one day return to it.

Main Character: Then... Please try blowing this whistle again. Try it for me.

Main Character: This whale whistle must have been given to you so you could find your way home whenever you wanted.

Rafayel: ...

Rafayel blows the whistle this time. We then sit in comfortable silence, waiting with bated breath.

Rafayel: Shh.

Rafayel: Do you hear that? What's that sound?

Main Character: !

Rafayel: Give me your hand.

Main Character: Where are we going?

Rafayel: To find out where it's coming from of course.

Rafayel grips my hand and swims upwards.

As we surface, I see a gigantic celadon body leaping out of the sea. Its tail fin slaps against the water, causing huge ripples.

I know at once that it's the baby blue whale that I've been worried about. It follows its pod, swimming into the horizon.

Main Character: It's the baby blue whale! I'm so glad it's all safe and sound!

Rafayel: Feeling better now? The baby whale is staying with its family.

Main Character: Perhaps your Lemurian ancestors were watching over it.

Rafayel: It probably strayed offshore on its way here, and accidentally beached itself.

Main Character: Where will they go next?

Rafayel: Northwards, to the confluence of warm and cold currents, to look for food. That's where they belong.

Rafayel: There is no guarantee they will come back anytime soon.

For some reason, my eyes start to tear up upon hearing his words. Maybe it's the biting wind, or maybe it's the realization that this is our last goodbye.

Rafayel: Why are you crying? Worried you'll never see it again?

Main Character: ...

Rafayel: The sea breeze bites hard. Your eyes will hurt if you keep crying like this.

Rafayel: ...Fine, fine. You can cry all you want.

Main Character: Would it be selfish of me to blow the whale whistle again... to see it one more time?

Rafayel doesn't tease me, which is rare. He only gently wipes my tears away with his thumb.

Rafayel: As you shed your tears into the ocean, they became one with the water. The whale will know when you miss it no matter where it goes.

Rafayel: Weren't you asking what the ocean's most precious treasure is?

Main Character: What is it?

He gently pokes at the corners of my mouth, his eyes glimmering with warmth.

Rafayel: Smile for me, and you will know the answer.